Chapter 337

Lucas opened his eyes.
He was greeted by the sight of an unfamiliar, low, and dirty ceiling.
"...!"
As he jolted upright, a sharp pain surged through him. Upon inspection, he noticed hasty bandages wrapped around his upper body.
"Where am I...?"
Lucas mumbled, bewildered.
"Ah, youre awake!"
The voice of a young child filled the room.
Turning, Lucas saw a scrawny boy carrying a water jug and a towel, walking into the room.
"Are you okay, Sir Knight? You lost a lot of blood."
"You are..."
Lucas soon recognized the boys identity.
It was the same boy who had locked eyes with him earlier while fighting Mason.
Just before landing the finishing blow on Mason, Lucas had noticed the boy watching him through a basement window. Realizing that his sword strike would also devastate the boy and the house he was in, Lucas had changed the direction of his attack at the last moment.
Because of this, he had failed to finish off Mason and had instead been struck down himself.
However, his actions had spared this home and its inhabitants.
"I only managed some basic first aid. But youre really tough, Sir Knight! I thought you were dead!"
The boy smiled innocently.
Suppressing a grimace, Lucas pressed his hand against his blood-soaked bandages.
Masons greatsword had aimed precisely for Lucas heart and had ripped through it. Mason, believing Lucas was dead, had then left.
However, Lucas had the passive skill [Man of Steel].
A near-miraculous ability that blocked fatal damage once per stage.
That had saved his life.
But that was it.
His sword was shattered, his armor was torn, and while he had avoided death, the residual damage was still there. He felt a dreadful fatigue and pain throughout his body.
But I have to go.
Ash is in danger. I must act before its too late...!
"Where is... my lord..."
As Lucas struggled to rise, muttering to himself, the boy hurriedly spoke.
"I saw it."
"Huh?"
"I saw where the scruffy guy you fought went."
Lucas eyes widened, and the boy explained.
"He headed towards the Northern Ruined Village. People in the neighborhood have been talking a lot recently about strange folks hanging around there."
"The Northern Ruined Village..."
Nodding, Lucas gently patted the boys head.
"Thank you, kid."Visjt n𝒐velbin(.)c𝒐m for new updates
The boy looked up hesitantly at Lucas and stammered.
"Um, I know. You lost because of me, right? If I hadnt distracted you, you wouldve won, wouldnt you?"
"..."
"Im sorry, because of me..."
With a rueful smile, Lucas shook his head.
"Its not your fault. I lost because I was weak."
Yes, he was weak.
Why couldnt he harden his resolve?
Why couldnt he properly judge what was more important?
He should have killed Mason. There were ample opportunities. He should have even used his beast transformation.
If not, even if it meant this boy would be swept away, he should have swung his sword and severed Masons life.
But he hadnt.
He couldnt bring himself to hate Mason enough. Nor was he audacious enough to risk an innocent boys life.
He hesitated, wavered, and failed.
In the end, due to his weak spirit, Ash was in danger.
Isnt that a disqualification even as a guardian...?
"Ive... become weak."
As Lucas muttered to himself, the boy shook his head vigorously.
"No, Sir Knight, youre strong!"
"Huh?"
"You tried to protect me, someone youve never even seen before, didnt you?"
The boy clenched his small fist.
"So, Sir Knight, youre... strong!"
"But I lost, how am I strong?"
"Its your heart thats strong!"
In the boys eyes, a light of admiration flickered.
"You fight to protect people, just like the knights in fairy tales!"
Lucas blinked blankly.
To protect people...
Kill monsters, protect people.
Ashs words, which he had heard like a hammer to his head, suddenly circled in his mind. Lucas slowly repeated them.
"Kill monsters, protect people..."
Why did these oft-repeated words suddenly feel so foreign?
He had just been following what Ash had ordered.
Had he ever genuinely understood and deeply executed that grand principle?
Even though he had been so close to Ash, had he just been mindlessly...moving according to his commands?
Because Im a Knight, is that enough?
If it wasnt enough.
Then what...
What do I actually want to do?
"Sir Knight?"
When the boy inquired uncertainly, Lucas finally snapped back to reality.
Quickly donning his upper-body armor that lay in the corner of the room, Lucas spoke to the boy.
"Go to the Silver Winter Merchant Guild branch immediately and request reinforcements. The prince has been kidnapped, and the culprits are believed to be in the northern ruins."
The troops from Crossroad were currently deployed to a forward base.
Even if they asked for reinforcements, it would be too late given the urgency of the defensive situation.
However, the Silver Winter Merchant Guild had troops prepared within Crossroad. This was the quickest way to request reinforcements.
The boy nodded his head and urgently asked,
"And what about you, sir?"
"I have no time to waste; Im heading to the ruins right now."
"But..."
The boy glanced at Lucass shattered sword.
"You dont have a weapon, do you?"
Lucas also looked at [Karma Eater] lying shattered on the floor. What used to be a beautiful sword was now just jagged pieces.
He had no other weapons at hand, and stopping by the forge would be a gross waste of time.
Lucas clenched his fist tightly.
"...I have to go, regardless."
"Um..."
Then, hesitating for a moment, the boy rushed out of the room and brought something back.
"Could you use this?"
What the boy offered was a wooden sword.
Examining it, Lucas found that while it was short and crudely made, it had decent tensile strength. It could withstand most iron swords.
"Um, I also dream of becoming a knight..."
The boy scratched the back of his head, looking awkward.
"Its the sword I usually practice with. Please borrow it!"
"...Thank you. I will make good use of it."
Although it couldnt compare to the famed swords he had used before, it was better than nothing.
Expressing his gratitude to the boy, Lucas finally donned his round helmet and left the basement room.
A harsher snowstorm was raging outside. As Lucas trudged through the snow, the boy shouted toward him.
"Sir Knight!"
"...?"
"Please save our lord!"
Turning back, Lucas saw the boy smiling at him.
"Because youre as amazing as they come!"
Letting out a faint laugh, Lucas began moving northward again.
"...I will."
Even if it costs me my life.
Muttering to himself, he gathered his magic power and kicked off the ground, starting to run as if flying.
Whoosh!
Watching his figure recede into the distance, the boy turned and began to run toward the center of Crossroadtoward the Silver Winter Merchant Guild branch.
***
Mason, who had injected me with succubi hypnotic serum in my neck, carefully removed the syringe.
My eyes opened hazily. My mouth slightly agape, drool dripping. Hehehe.
"Hypnotic serum test. Can you hear me, Your Highness?"
"Ah... I can hear you very well..."
"Please state your name, age, and occupation."
"Ash... Ash Born Hater Everblack... 23 years old... The lord of Crossroad..."
I wondered if I would have said, A devoted... 3N-gen... game streamer... if I had really fallen for the succubis tricks. Just imagining it gave me the creeps.
"Please stand up."
I slowly lifted myself from the chair.
"Turn left once. Turn right once."
I spun around.
"Jump in place. Three times."
Thump! Thump! Thump!
"Lastly, scream for three seconds towards the front!"
"Aaaaaah!"
"Hmm, success it seems."
Mason nodded, appearing satisfied.
Externally, I grinned, but internally, I gritted my teeth. This damn kid! Does he think this is a Marine Corps camp?! Youre way out of line, you little shit!
Thank you, succubi legion! Thank you, Salome!
Thanks to your descendants making such crappy potions, I can deceive this punk! I am sincerely grateful!
Next time we meet, Ill give you a hug, Salome.
Though Ill follow that up with a headlock and an armbar!
Feeling grateful for Salome and the succubi legion, Mason sat me back down in the chair and asked with a serious face.
"From this moment on, please answer my questions truthfully."
"Of course... I will... not tell... a single... lie..."
Just the thought of fooling him had me salivating.
"Firstly, how does one enter the Lake Kingdom?"
"You must... purchase an entry ticket... 60,000 Adel for adults, 48,000 Adel for children..."
Damn, those tickets are surprisingly expensive.
"And where can one purchase these tickets?"
"The place where... the red roots of the earth... barter with each other..."
But you can get it cheap at the second-hand market.
"... Could you explain it more straightforwardly?"
"Discounts are available on site... you seem like you qualify..."
"Huh? What does that mean?"
"You could get a pregnancy discount... judging by your belly, you could easily fool them..."
Masons eyes narrowed. Yikes. Time to stop messing with him.
"At the main gate of the Lake Kingdom, a secret knock will... open it immediately..."
Masons eyes lit up at my words.
"A secret knock?"
"You perform a specific pattern of knocking... they hear it and open the door..."
I was just saying anything that came to mind, and it was comical how seriously Mason was taking it.
Mason even pulled out a notepad and prepared to take notes.
"Whats the pattern?"
"Well, you see..."
What should I make the secret knock?
I hesitated for a moment and then knocked on the table next to me.
Knock. Knock-knock. Knock.
Once, twice, once.
I didnt know why such a simple pattern popped into my mind, but I ended up doing it that way.
Mason slowly nodded.
"Hmm... I see. So, just knock, and it will open..."
Heh, idiot. Go ahead and knock on the gate by the lake. By the time youre back, well be ready to counter-attack.
I was internally celebrating when...
"However, Ive heard theres a shortcut within this city."
Mason suddenly leaned in closer to my face and blurted this out.
"During the last festival, we gathered intel that guests appeared near the lords mansion."
"..."
"Theres a shortcut leading to the Lake Kingdom within this city, isnt there? Exactly where is it?"
Mason asked in a menacing tone, the corners of his mouth twisted cruelly.
I tried to maintain a foolish expression, but a bead of cold sweat trickled down my back.
This guy...
Hes no ordinary opponent.
"Whats the matter? Why are you hesitating?"
Meeting my trembling gaze, Masons eyes narrowed like a predator.
"Could it be that the hypnosis didnt work?"
 
 



Chapter 338

The place I had told Mason about was behind the communal tombstone outside the western gate. I had lied, saying that there was a passage here that connected to the Lake Kingdom.
The area was seldom visited by people, so there was little risk of civilians getting caught up with these guys. Plus, it was a distinctive location that I frequented.
"Hmm, hiding a passage behind a tombstone, huh..."
It was a blatant lie, but I acted as if I was under some kind of hypnosis. Mason seemed somewhat convinced.
The officer from the Aegis Special Forces standing next to Mason whispered something into his ear.
"The succubi-extracted hypnotic directly interferes with the mind. It can even break down the psychic barriers of the Ivory Towers Archmage. Theres no way the Prince could resist it. Its highly likely to be true."
"I still have my reservations... Ill scout the passage alone for now."
Mason gestured with his chin towards me as he stepped outside.
"Keep a strict watch on the Prince."
Mason left the room.
Quickly, I scanned the remaining members of the Aegis Special Forces. Four men in the room, one at each wall.
Tied up in the room were myself, Godhand who had been subdued and was lying on the floor, and Burnout.
I locked eyes with Godhand. Groaning in pain just moments ago, he formed a subtle lip motion as our eyes met.
Bodybag.
Of course.
The current Shadow Squad consisted of three members: Metal Manipulator Godhand, Explosive Archer Burnout, and Telekinetic Bodybag.
Godhand and Burnout had been captured, but Bodybag wasnt here... meaning she wasnt captured and was observing the situation from outside.
Theres a chance.
I took a deep breath and waited for a few moments. Until Mason had left the house and was far enough away.
About ten minutes later, I felt it was time. I lifted my head.
Alright, lets get started.
"Hey, can you loosen these restraints a bit?"
I whined, looking at the Aegis Special Forces members who were keeping watch over me.
"Theyre too tight; it hurts this Princes arms. If you take this off, I can use my magic power, and it will be more comfortable."
I was practically talking to Godhand, signaling for him to handle the restraints.
The squad members exchanged uneasy glances.
"Captain, it seems like the hostage is trying to wake up from the hypnosis."
"Lets blindfold him again."
Masons lieutenant, their captain, picked up a cloth bag to put over my head again. I frowned.
"Hey, you really gonna put that on me? You sure you can handle the consequences later? You know Ill remember your face, right?"
"..."
The captain broke into a sweat but continued to approach me. Just as he was about to put the bag over my head, I yelled.
"Now!"
"?!"
Then, from outside, a whooshing sound signaled something flying toward us.
Boom!
One of the walls completely shattered, sending large fragments flying into the room.
They were pieces of building debris thrown in by Bodybag using his telekinesis. Seems like there was plenty of that lying around in this ruined village.
The fallen walls debris crushed one of the Aegis Special Forces members who had been standing there.
"Ahhhh!"
"Whats going on?!"
"Its an ambush!"
In the split second that the Aegis Special Forces members were distracted, Burnout silently stood up, pulled his gag off with one swift motion, and
"Aaaaah!"
spewed fire from his mouth.
So thats why he was always gagged.
"Ahhh!"
The captain, engulfed in flames, screamed as he rolled on the ground, setting the room ablaze.
Even if they were part of the Aegis Special Forces, with building debris being bombed from outside and someone breathing fire from the inside, chaos was inevitable.
Simultaneously, Godhand sprung to his feet and transformed his arm into a blade.
His hands were metal prosthetics... and Godhand was a metal alchemist.
It was as if he had been carrying emergency weapons in his hands from the beginning.
"Your Highness!"
Godhand, who had rushed toward me, swung his blade effortlessly.
Swoosh!
My restraints were severed in an instant, and the moment the magic seal tied to the restraints disappeared, magic power flowed back into me.
"Ah, this chilling yet heavy sensation. Its been a while."
I muttered as I stood up from my spot.
"The long period of humiliation and persecution... was a bitter cup to drink. Thank you, Godhand."
I glared at two special agents who were belatedly rushing in.
"You two there!"
Our eyes met.
And when eyes meet?
[Gaze of Command] activation condition met!
"Jump in place 10 times!"
Flash!
[Command Difficulty: Easy]
[Comparing the users Intelligence stat to the targets Magic Power stat.]
[Deciding the success rate. Rolling for resistance...]
Ding!
[Evaluation Complete!]
>Success: 2 bodies
[Executing forced command.]
A resounding success!
The two agents immediately and diligently began jumping in place.
Before they could complete ten jumps, Godhand and Bodybag charged in, knocking both their jaws clean off.
I growled as I kicked the two agents who had fallen flat on the ground.
"Screwed up the last count, didnt you? Have you not learned to start over if you mess up, you bastards? Huh?"
Acting all cocky, I suddenly doubled over with a throbbing headache. Ugh!
"Damn, nosebleed"
But theres no time to be a crybaby about this. I quickly wiped away the nosebleed with the back of my hand.
At that moment, an elf with plump cheeks rolled in through the broken wall from outside. It was Bodybag, who had bombarded the ruins from the outside.
"I apologize for being late!"
"I survived thanks to you, Bodybag!"
"Your Highness! Be careful! There are more agents outsi... Ahhh!"
Thud thud thud!
Before Bodybag could finish her sentence, arrows rained down through the broken wall.
Those outside had indiscriminately shot crossbows at us. What lunatics!
Godhand, who had pulled me behind cover, clenched his teeth.
"There are many of them! I took down four, so at least ten must remain!"
I could hear footsteps rushing toward the closed door. I clenched my teeth. We were completely surrounded!
Any means of escape?
Godhand and Burnout were injured. Bodybag had just used her telekinesis, and it would take time for her cooldown to reset.
And me... Im in terrible shape after foolishly overusing my magic power.
My head throbbed so much it was hard to keep my eyes open. My consciousness was fading.
- Big bro, youre really amazing. How did you manage to do this?
Images I didnt want to remember,
- Mom will always be by your side.
floated up in my mind, clouding it.
Grit!
I clenched my teeth and tried to regain my focus. Get a grip, RetroAddict! Shouldve exercised more, Ash!
The situations a mess, but its still okay!
I still have some useful items in my inventory. Gasping for breath, I reached into my pocket and...
Beep.
[The players existence is currently uncertain.]
[System use is not possible.]
"...?"
What the hell is this now? Shit! Why all of a sudden?
A bright red message box appeared before my eyes, displaying that absurd message. Whats this about an "uncertain existence"?
No matter how much I fumbled around, my hand only skimmed an empty pocket. I couldnt open my inventory.
Damn it! This is why you should always carry cash as well!
Thud thud thud!
"Your Highness! Ugh!"
Another volley of arrows rained down through the broken wall, and this time, Godhand, who had shielded me, took arrows in his back and shoulder.
Bodybag desperately fought back with telekinesis, and Burnout continued to return fire with the stolen crossbow even with a burnt mouth.
Everyone was putting up a fight, but the disparity in numbers and firepower was glaring.
A heavy thudding noise began emanating from the door we had barricaded. If that door opened, and the enemies stormed in...
Thats when it happened.
"Huh?"
"What the... Argh?!"
"Enemy reinforcements Aaah!"
Crunch! Thump!
A dull bursting noise echoed from outside the door, and the special forces aiming to enter went silent.
We looked at each other, puzzled. What just happened?
Crash!
The next moment, the door shattered into pieces, and,
"My Lord!"
A knight with a tin helmet burst in, his aura as overwhelming as a tank.𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com
"Are you unharmed, my Lord?"
"Lucas!"
Our faces brightened at the appearance of our reinforcements.
"Classic Lucas! You came to rescue us!"
Lucas then awkwardly scratched the back of his tin helmet.
"No, Ive reached my limit too..."
Through the cracks in his damaged armor, we saw Lucass chest soaked in blood and poorly bandaged.
Fresh wounds were scattered all over his body, and the wooden sword he held was snapped in half.
"I managed to crack the heads of about three of them while making my way in, but thats it."
Lucas calmly stated his condition.
"Each and every one of them is formidable. It will be tough to hold them off any longer."
"..."
"Moreover, all the outside security forces are converging here. And Mason has probably sensed something is off and is on his way."
I gritted my teeth quietly.
If Lucas was saying this, then were we really out of options?
Thats when Lucas picked up something from the floor.
"...However, my Lord. There is one way."
It was the bag they tried to put over my head.
Holding the bag, Lucas softly said,
"Do you trust me and leave it to me?"
Was it my imagination?
Although obscured by the tin helmet...
Through the gaps, it seemed like Lucass eyes were faintly smiling.
***
"What the hell happened?"
A short while later, Mason, who hurried back, growled at his subordinates.
"I told you to handle everything as quietly as possible. If we cause this much commotion, the troops from Crossroad might even come rushing!"
One of the special agents standing guard outside reported.
"A knight and a mage broke in from outside, attempting to rescue the prince."
"What happened then?"
"Four guarding the room were killed, and three outside were severely wounded. The squad leader is also dead."
Among the neatly laid corpses, Mason saw his scorched special forces squad leader.
He was the only guy with some brains among the dumb muscle in the special forces Team 1... Mason clenched his teeth as the agent continued the explanation.
"As you can see, one wall of the hideout has completely collapsed and is no longer functional..."
"Skip that, you idiot! What about the prince!"
Mason yelled, and the agent pointed inside the room.
"Hes in there."
"What?"
"The prince is still there while the others escaped. We didnt pursue further after confirming that he was still there..."
Unable to comprehend, Mason looked inside the room.
It was true. Ash was still there.
Bound to the chair, slumped over, with a bag over his head, he was sitting quietly.
The agent added,
"He might not have been able to move because the hypnosis hasnt fully worn off yet?"
"..."
Staring at Ash, Masons eyes narrowed.
"...Hold on."
"Yes?"
"Doesnt the prince seem to have grown taller?"
Mason clenched his fist tightly.
"Did you check?"
"Huh? Check what?"
"Did you check his face, I said."
"Only captains and above have the authority to approach the Imperial Prince..."
Cutting off the incomplete reply of the agent, Mason gritted his teeth and walked briskly towards Ash.
Whoosh!
As Ash removed the bag covering his head
Between the disheveled blonde hair, a pair of smiling blue eyes appeared.
"Hello, Mason."
It wasnt Ash.
It was Lucas.
Ash and Lucas had swapped clothes and armor, exchanged their head coverings, and while Ash had escaped, Lucas remained as a stand-in.
"...Haha."
With a resigned laugh, Mason raised his fist high above his head,
Whack-!
And swung it violently, striking the agent next to him.
Thud! Crash!
The agent flew like a broken puppet and slammed into the wall, unable to move any further.
"Falling for such a pathetic trick..."
With a face sinking into despair, Mason sighed deeply as he glanced at the agent whod met his demise.
"Must be the side effects of the Beast Transformation Serum; I cant control my anger."
Turning his venomous gaze towards Lucas, Mason revealed his beast-like fangs.
"You must have stayed because you think you can handle this rage, eh, sir?"
Lucas only responded with a sly smile.
Above that knights face, Masons fist descended with a resounding crash.
 
 



Chapter 339

"This isnt right."
Just after barely escaping the encirclement by the Aegis Special Forces, escorted by three members of the Shadow Squad, I tossed my dented helmet aside and spoke. The blood-splattered trio from the Shadow Squad looked back at me.
"This cant be! Lucas is in danger!"
Lucas had stayed behind in the enemys den, acting as my decoy. He had swapped clothes with me, letting himself be tied up in my stead.
I looked down at the armor I was wearing, which had belonged to Lucas.
The black armor that was freshly fitted not long ago was now punctured, ripped, and soaked in blood.
Lucas had claimed that he had a way to escape, but...
Could I really trust his words?
Was it possible that he had lied, just to ensure that I would leave without any qualms?
"Your Majesty."
Godhand, who had turned to look at me, spoke in a composed manner.
"Have you ever played chess?"
"Of course, I have."
Ive played it both on Earth and in this world; the rules are more or less the same.
"Do you know what the objective of chess is?"
"To capture the opponents King."
"Correct. And we also need to protect our own King."
Godhand pointed at himself and his two subordinates in turn.
"Pawns like us, or Knights like Captain Lucas, all die for the King. Because thats the stepping stone for victory."
"..."
"If we can save you from a dire situation with our lives, it would be a fair trade."
I clenched my lips shut. Godhand nodded.
"The game continues only if the King remains. For this front to persist, you must be safe, Your Majesty."
"..."
"Captain Lucas has made a choice. Even if it puts him in danger, he decided to save you... A knightly and wholly correct decision."
I took a deep breath.
The heat from my forehead cooled down, clearing my mind.
"Listen carefully, Godhand. The game may continue if the King remains, but..."
And I spoke.
"Simply having the King wont win you the game."
"..."
This time, Godhand was the one to keep his mouth shut.
"A King needs Pawns, Knights, Bishops, Rooks, and a Queen. Only then can a King truly be a King."
"Your Majesty."
"I can only move one square around me. Its because you all stand by me that I can be a battlefield commander."
I looked at Godhand, then turned to Burnout and Bodybag.
"I need you all. And I need Lucas, too."
I want to go on together.
With all my comrades.
Toward the true ending, and beyond...
So, losing Lucasmy main character, my knight, and my strongest cardin a place like this is unacceptable!
"Thats idealistic, Your Majesty."
Godhand grinned bitterly.
"Chess is a game where you must lose to gain."
"But this isnt a chessboard; its the real world."
"Thats correct. Its even colder."
"But its a place where possibilities not confined by rules exist."
And so, I decided.
I decided not just to be a commander but to be a tyrant on the board.
To trample over any rules for victory... A tyrant in the game.
SoI wont weigh exchange rates.
I wont play by sacrificing Pawns and Knights to capture an opponents Bishop and Rook.
I will force my way, throw a tantrum, lose none of my pieces, and consume the enemys.
Yes, thats the kind of player I am.
Thats what... Ive decided.
Beep.
It was then. A system window popped up in front of me.
[Player Authentication Complete.]
[System Usage Enabled.]
"..."
I dont know what error had prevented me earlier, but now I had regained access to the system.
I had many questions, but now wasnt the time. I hurriedly reached into my inventory and grabbed an item. Good, it works.
Godhand rushed me.
"Your Highness, I understand your concerns, but we should first retreat to a safe location and regroup later"
"Itll be too late. They could kill Lucas right away."
"So what do you plan to do? Go back there?"
"..."
While reviewing my options, I suddenly looked at the wooden sword in my hand.
It was the broken wooden sword that Lucas had brought. The idea flashed through my mind as I saw it.
"Hey, guys. Ive got a good idea."
I noticed the white cloth the Shadow Squad members were using as makeshift bandages. Good, this will do.
Smirking, I looked at the three members of the Shadow Squad.
"Do you trust me?"
"..."
The three elves exchanged sardonic glances before nodding at me.
"What should we do, Your Highness?"
***
Lucas, tied to a chair, had become a punching bag.
Mason had been beating Lucas under the guise of torture, and Lucas had remained silent, taking the hits.
"How about saying something, young master?"
Mason growled, wiping his blood-soaked wrists.
"Id like to have some last words to remember."
Lucas smirked.
"Your punch feels like a feather, Mason."
"...What?"
"Being hit by my master hurt more."
Back then, it hurt because he had disappointed the one he was loyal to.
But now?
His body might be falling apart, but his mind was lighter than ever.
Im finally doing something worthy of a loyal servant.
Dying for ones master...
Wasnt that the most fitting end for a loyal servant?
He had lied to Ash, saying there was a way out. But there wasnt. Lucas had come here prepared to die in Ashs stead.
Could he now say he had atoned for betraying Ash all those years ago...?
"Hey, young master."
Clutching his fist, Mason displayed a sinister expression.
"Provoking me wont make your death any easier."
He put his hand into his pocket and pulled out a syringe filled with a succubi sedative.
"I need you to give me every piece of information you have. Dont worry, I wont kill you. Ill mutilate you, drug you if I have to, but Ill scrape out every last bit of info in your brain."
Lucas closed his eyes.
And began to channel the remaining magic power into his carotid artery.
He never intended to die from Masons punches. He planned a clean self-destruction.
Why was it that the last memories that came to mind were from his younger days?
The day they first entered Dustias Star Bow.
The secret base under the roof, a place where young Ash had invited him...
Step. Step.
Mason advanced menacingly, and Lucas took a final, deep breath.
Just then.
"Ahem!"
A sound of heavy breathing came from outside the hideout.
Knock. Knock-knock. Knock.
Once. Twice. Once.
...Huh?
Opening his eyes, Lucas looked puzzled in that direction.
That knock signal was definitely from their childhood...?
Crash!
The door swung open, startling everyone inside.
"Do you wanna build a snowman~?" (TL Note: This was in English, an obvious reference to the Disney movie Frozen)
There stood Ash.
Waving a white flag.
It was an atrociously crude white flag, a broken wooden sword wrapped in white cloth. Ash waved it back and forth, grinning from ear to ear.
"Surrender, surrender! Hello, secret friends? The Prince has returned because he wants to play with you all some more."
The agents who had been guarding the outside broke into a cold sweat as they followed in.
"Ca, Captain! His Highness the Prince returned so suddenly... we couldnt stop him in time..."
"Why? Dont you like it?"
Ash grinned mischievously, fluttering the white flag in his hand.
"Although its weird for me to say this, Ive never been rejected when I asked to play first in my entire life, you know?"
In any case, the intent to surrender was clear. Mason let out a wry laugh, too astonished to react otherwise.
"Your Highness, youre either exceedingly bold or youve lost your mind... What on Earth made you come back--"
"Ill guide you."
At Ashs words, Mason closed his mouth.
"Lake Kingdom. Youre kicking up all this fuss because you want to enter it, right?"
Continuing, Ash shrugged his shoulders smugly.
"Its not difficult. Ill take all of you there. Just follow me. Ill personally escort you in."
Ash looked around at the special agents, who were confused by his offer, then raised the white flag above his head and waved it grandly.
"This Price is exceptionally good at guiding people in amusement parks!"
It was a flag-waving maneuver as skillful as that of a tour guide leading tourists.
***
And so.
Following Ashs guidance, the special agents were making their way towards the teleport gate located in the lords mansion.
"...My lord. Why?"
As Lucas, who was supported by Ash, limped along at the front, he stammered.
"Why... have you returned? I risked my life to get you out..."
"Its because you risked your life."
Ash replied nonchalantly.
"So I have to risk my life to save you, too."
"I am but a mere retainer, my lord. It is only natural for me to die for you. But you should not risk your life for a mere retainer..."
"No."
"Excuse me?"
"Idiot, youre not a dog."
Ash looked at Lucas as if he couldnt believe him.
"Just because people say youre puppy-like, resemble a golden retriever, or whatever, do you think youre actually a dog? No, you fool. Youre a human, a human!"
"..."
"And I. I save people."
Ash declared as if making a vow to himself.
"If theyre within my reach, I save people. Im just following my own principles."
Just as Lucas seemed about to say something more, Mason quickly approached from behind.
"I should inform you, Your Highness. Im quite... hot-headed at the moment, due to your previous deception and the loss of my subordinates."
"Oh dear. You must have a lot of heat in your body. Are you a Yang Cultivator by any chance?" (TL Note: In Cultivation Novels, Yang is represented by Heat, while Yin is represented by Cold. The manlier you are, the more Yang you have, and vice versa.)
Ash threw another joke that Mason chose to ignore and instead growled at him.
"If you try to deceive me again, it wont end well."
"Ooh, scary. A public servant daring to threaten the royal family. You should definitely get a health check-up later. That big belly of yours must be full of fatty liver."
The path to the teleport gate was deserted.
Mason and the special agents remained alert for ambushes, but not a single soldierlet alone ordinary citizenswas in sight.
Ash taunted the tense special agents.
"Hey. Im the Lord of this city. If we brawl in the middle of the city, innocent people will get hurt. How would you handle that?"
"...You cleared the people out in advance?"
Ash seemed to have ordered his subordinates to evacuate the people from the path beforehand. He shrugged his shoulders.
"Either way, we both achieve our goals, right? You guys get into Lake Kingdom, pay your respects to the Demon King, and I get to safely head home with my knight. Okay?"
Of course, Mason had no intention of letting Ash and Lucas go even if they accomplished their objective, but he quietly nodded.
Arriving in front of the teleport gate, Ash raised his hand to activate it.
"Welcome to a land of fantasy, where a joyous festival is held~ Come to a land of adventure, the land of eternal happiness~"
Humming a strangeAsh insisted it was a theme park songtune, Ash gestured towards the open gate.
"Well, shall we go? To the Lake Kingdom!"
"..."
Mason tightly gripped Ashs shoulder and jumped into the teleport gate with him.
Flash!
The moment the teleportation endeda spacious square unfolded before them.
Magical stones emitted light like streetlamps scattered throughout the open space, and a large bonfire was ablaze at the center.
A subtle dampness in the air. And the pitch-black darkness covering the sky...
Mason instinctively knew.
"...Were in the right place."
This was the Lake Kingdom.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience
Flash! Flash!
Members of the Aegis Special Forces who arrived right after stood agape, scanning their surroundings.
It was their first time experiencing teleport magic and their first time in the Lake Kingdom dungeon, so their bewilderment was understandable.
Therefore, Ash bought some time.
Grinning wickedly, Ash lifted up what he held in his handa white flag.
Although Ashs wrists were bound, the white flag he held wasnt taken from him.
Its not a weapon, what could he do with a small surrender flag?with that line of thinking, the special forces had left it with him.
They had no idea.
What Ash could do with a flag.
"I declare this place"
Driving the white flag into the ground, Ash shouted,
"as territory of the Empire!"
Whoosh!
Magic power burst forth from Ash, covering the area in a blinding flash.
 
 



Chapter 340

Screams erupted as I activated [Imperial Edict], plunging my banner into the ground. A dazzling light enveloped the area.
"What the hell?!"
"What is this?!"
Hearing the panicked cries of the Aegis Special Forces, a sly grin crept onto my face.
I had lured them into my base camp.
It wasnt enemy territory, so it wouldnt trigger [Siege Mode]. However, I could still generate territorial effects.
And within this territory,
Rumble!
I could form my very own fortress!
Ash-colored walls of magical power began to emerge all around us.
Caught in the sudden emergence of the walls, the Aegis Special Forces yelled and scrambled to avoid being trapped.
"Sucks to be you guys. This area has a lot of great guides too."
If youd met a good guide like Nameless, youd have had a fun sightseeing tour.
"But you had to get hooked by a scam artist like me!"
Youre all gonna die here!
"Ash, you bastard!"
Realizing I was the cause, Mason charged at me, but,
Crack!
A gray wall materialized right in front of me, separating Mason and me.
Sorry, but I can modify this fortress at will! And instantly, too!
That means
I didnt need the fortress to maintain a conventional shape or function!
Ssshh! Ssshhhh!
The fortress, originally set as a default circular shape, began to reassemble like blocks, according to my will.
The fortress compressed and shrunk, morphing from a circle into a square
Thud!
Eventually, it transformed into a rectangular structure.
Originally designed to keep out attackers, it now served as a prison to lock them in.
Rules are meant to be broken!
A fortress could turn into a prison.
In other words, it was all up to how I used it!
I wished I could just squash them by shrinking the walls, but resistance from the inside kept the prison from shrinking any further.
"You cant leave until you buy everything~"
Kicking the ash-colored walls with a mutter, I turned around.
"Your Highness!"
"Are you alright, Your Highness?!"
My subordinates, who had been waiting at the base camp, rushed toward me.
Elize had come with a reserve party dispatched to the Merchant Guilds Silver Winter division, and Saintess Margarita had also arrived from the temple.
"Ash, I dont know whats going on, but just give the order!"
Even Verdandis Holy Grail Seekers, who had been on standby at the base camp, were present. It seemed like I had gathered as many as I could on short notice.
I saw the Shadow Squad, who despite their injuries, had managed to evacuate citizens and muster forces.
I nodded at the trio.
"Saintess, Im fine. First, see to Lucas and the Shadow Squad."
"Ah, yes...!"
Margarita immediately began pouring healing magic onto Lucas.
Lucas, who had been a bloody mess, started to regain his original appearance. Just then, a dwarf blacksmith rushed over.
"Ash!"
"Yes, Kellibey. At your service."
"What the hell is happening? I got a brief explanation from the guy from Godhand, but..."
"Details later. For now."
I extended my hand for a handshake with Kellibey.
"The equipment I ordered is ready, right?"
"It was still in the final adjustment phase, but..."
Kellibey twisted his bushy beard into a grin and handed me an object covered in cloth.
"Well, weapons are typically fine-tuned on the battlefield. Looks like you need it right away, so test it out."
"Thank you."
Whooosh
As I uncovered the cloth, there lay a longsword in a sword coffin.
The simple yet refined hilt felt familiar.
[Bestowed Sword].
Lucass personalized equipment was complete.
I approached Lucas, carrying it with me. After his emergency healing was complete, Lucas staggered to his feet.
"Milord."
"Lucas."
I extended the [Bestowed Sword] before him.
"Take it. Its your new weapon."
"..."
Taking the longsword, Lucas quietly stared down at the hilt.
After a moment of silent scrutiny, Lucas slowly opened his mouth.
"...This is the sword you first bestowed upon me when we were young."
I silently listened. Lucas continued.
"And the night I betrayed you, the blade shattered into pieces."
"..."
"Ever since then, Ive held onto this hilt, to remind myself of my poor choices... of my regrets and cautions."
Lucas, gripping the hilt tightly, extended the sword back to me.
"I am not worthy of taking this sword back."
"...Lucas."
"I am nothing but a mad dog, too shameful even to be called rabid, who betrayed you and inflicted an indelible wound upon you. I tried to run from that fact, but once again, my past has put you in..."
"Hey! Shut up! Would you?!"
I yelled, and Lucass eyes widened in shock.
I yelled again.
"I dont care!"
"I beg your pardon?"
"I dont give a damn about some guys past!"
Lucas slightly opened his mouth. I pushed the sword back into his hands.
"Whatever wrong youve done to me! Ive already forgotten."
I really have. Because I dont know.
"And whatever wrong youll do to me in the future! Ill forget that too."
I forced the sword back into Lucass grasp.
"Betray me?! Do it again! Two times, three times, four times, be my guest! I dont care!"
"Y-yes?! No, yes?!"
"As long as you come back to me and remain my knight!"
I slowly withdrew my hand.
"If you become my friend again. Thats all that matters."
Together, we failed 741 times, and finally reached the ending. To that protagonist, I said this.
It might be a silly story... We only watched it through a computer monitor, but Ive considered you my friend throughout those 742 attempts.
Holding the sword in a daze, Lucas repeated,
"Fri...end?"
"Yeah, Lucas."
I shrugged my shoulders.
"You and I are not master and dog. Were friends."
"..."
"Well, of course, professionally speaking, there is a military hierarchy of commander and knight, but..."
Rambling on, I cut myself short.
"We are friends, Lucas. Regardless of what happened in the past, or what will happen in the future, that will never change."
"..."
"Or is it that Im the only one who thinks so?"
"No, not at all..."
Lucas lowered his head, his disheveled and blood-stained blond hair obscuring his eyes.
"...Not at all, milord. Absolutely not."
I patted Lucass shoulder and pointed toward the magic fortress.
"The forts maintenance is reaching its limit. The guys weve trapped inside will soon be coming out."
Even though my condition was a mess, I forcibly drank all the magic potions in my inventory and summoned the fortress. As a result, the limit was rapidly approaching.
The magic fortress was slowly crumbling, soon to be completely destroyed.
"Theyre villains scheming to break our front line."
I looked around at my subordinates and nodded.
"Ill define it. Theyre monsters that our monster front line has to deal with... Wipe them all out!"
"Yes-!"
My subordinates responded in unison.
Elize adjusted her Sword Coffin, while Verdandi and the Holy Grail Seekers each readied their equipment.
Shadow Squad and the reserve parties also prepared for battle, and Saintess Margarita cast shield spells over them.
The armor Lucas had sent to Kellibey through Godhand had been quickly repaired.
With Kellibeys help, Lucas donned the armor. I spoke to him.
"Lucas."
"Yes."
"Sever your past with that sword."
I grinned at the protagonist of this world. The player who had taken over this body said, "Come back safely."Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com
Lucas set aside the tin helmet he was holding in his hand and gave a blurry smile.
"...Yes. I will return, my lord."
In the distance, the magic barrier disappeared.
As if settling the bill, the residual magic power drained from my body, and then
I passed out.
***
Aegis Special Forces Team 1 was a unit comprised only of those capable of combat in the dark.
In fact, their combat skills were so high that they often scored similarly to the Imperial knights during mock battles.
If ambushes, surprise attacks, and the use of various tools were permitted, they could even overwhelm the knights.
Each of their individual combat skills was on par with the elite heroes of the Crossroad.
However, this time the situation was dire.
ThudBoom-Boom-Bang!
As soon as they teleported, they found themselves trapped within a gray barrier. The moment they were freed, attacks rained down on them from all directions.
Burnout, who had been prepared, unleashed a barrage of explosive arrows, and Bodybag hurled the iron bars created by Godhand.
Verdandis Holy Grail Seekers also fired short bows and threw daggers.
Caught without cover in this long-range bombardment, the Special Forces took heavy damage.
"Damn it! Break through in this direction!"
Mason, who had deflected arrows with his greatsword, looked back at his subordinates as he roared.
There, a woman in a maid outfit with a giant Coffin on her back had entered. She was swinging her bluish-black bobbed hair.
Those agents who recognized her were shocked.
"You are...?"
"Could it be, the Coffin Swordmaster, Elizabeth"
Between the Special Forces members hastily swinging their weapons, Elize quietly drew the swords from her Sword Coffin
Swoosh! Clang! Shatter!
Like a spinning top, she swiftly slaughtered the Special Forces members.
Watching his men fall one by one, Mason gritted his teeth.
At this rate...!
Thud. Thud.
Footsteps approached. Mason looked in that direction.
"Mason, youre not fit for the dark arts or this confidential mission."
It was Lucas.
Though his footsteps were unsteady, perhaps due to his condition, his bright blue eyes were firm.
"Why didnt you join the knights? Then you couldve used that crude swordsmanship."
Grinning, Mason gripped his massive greatsword.
"Lord Fernandez highly values a certain trait of mine. Thats why he entrusted this mission to me."
"What trait is that?"
"Survival."
Mason laughed ferociously.
"No matter how strong the opponent, no matter how dire the situation, I always manage to cling to life and complete the mission...! Thats the one thing Im confident in!"
"Your pitiful life ends here."
Lucas slowly reached for the hilt of his longsword.
"Lets end our bad karma, Mason."
"Bad karma? Thats disappointing, Lord Lucas."
Whoosh!
Kicking the ground, Mason lunged at Lucas, slashing down with his greatsword.
"We had good times, too, didnt we!"
To counter, Lucas drew his sword.
Swish...!
As the hilt slid out of the sheath, the blade glimmering faintly below it revealed itself.
Mason frowned.
What is that sword?
It was as if the blade was made of light.
Clang!
Lucas light-infused longsword clashed roughly with Masons greatsword.
As they strained against each other, blades locked, Mason cracked a wide grin and chuckled.
"Nice color, huh? You get it custom-made? Its all shiny and pretty, whats the deal with this sword?"
Lucas replied tersely.
"My regret. And..."
Gripping the hilt tightly with both hands,
Lucas mustered his strength and finished his sentence.
"...My forgiveness."
Whoosh-!
Lucas longsword began to emit a blinding white radiance, casting light in all directions.
 



Chapter 341

Life is a series of regrets.
At least it was for Lucas.
Betraying Ash.
Killing Dustia.
The beautiful young days that shattered like fragile flowers due to his own mistakes.
Night after night, he ruminated on irreversible decisions and irremediable wrongdoings, spending them steeped in regret.
If only I hadnt done it then.
If only I hadnt done it then.
If only I hadnt done it then...
Lucas life was riddled with regrets.
He was always a man looking back at the shadows of his past.
***
Chaeng! Chaeng! Tsukaang-!
Lucas sword, forged of light, left a vivid trail as it executed a series of slashes.
"Kuk!"
Mason gritted his teeth and groaned as he counterattacked with his greatsword.
With his new sword, Lucas combat abilities had increased dramatically. His strikes had become lighter, and their potency had amplified.
Every time the blades clashed, Masons greatsword showed signs of wear and reduced durability, while Lucas sword of light seemed unfazed.
Thwack-!
No... thats not it.
It wasnt just unfazed; it was actually growing stronger.
The light and heat emanating from Lucas sword intensified. Mason, who had barely managed to block Lucas horizontal slash, found himself pushed back.
How did he get so strong? Just by switching swords?
Or is it something else?
Had he really attained some sort of enlightenment?
Grimacing, Mason pulled a vial of Beast Transformation Serum from his pocket.
He knew well the warning that using it twice a day was suicidal, but he had no other choice now.
"You should stop."
As Mason aimed the syringe at his neck, Lucas quietly advised.
"Ive used Beast Transformation quite a bit myself. And Ive been right on the brink of the line too."
"..."
"I guarantee, if you cross that line, it wont be pretty."
"Heh. Are you concerned about me now?"
With a scoff, Mason jabbed the syringe into his neck.
"After all, its a do-or-die situation, whether I die this way or that-!"
The serum seeped into Masons neck.
Thump, thump...!
Masons already large frame swelled even more.
His eyes turned red, his nails grew longer, and his canine teeth sharpened like those of a carnivore. His bones and muscles inflated.
"Haaaaa...!"
Masons appearance had devolved far from human. He now resembled an abominable beast.
"...So this is what happens. I can see why the Lord warned against it."
Standing calmly in front of the transformed Mason, Lucas muttered softly.
"You look like a rabid stray, Mason."
"I like it, though?"
Fully transformed, Mason lunged at Lucas at a terrifying speed.
"Because this is our true nature-!"
Thwack!
Masons greatsword drove Lucas back. Despite being cornered, Lucas replied composedly.
"Id appreciate it if you stopped saying we. Im no longer a mad dog."
"Nonsense! We were born as dogs, raised as dogs, and were destined to die as dogs!"
Bang! Crash! Kwaang!
Mason roared, swinging his massive greatsword as if it were a leaf.
"Slaughtering someone just because a higher-up commands itthats what being a knight is all about!"
"Im done with that."
"What?"
"I wont just follow orders without thinking anymore."
Clang!
Lucas light blade easily knocked Masons greatsword back.
Gazing into the shocked face of Mason, Lucas slowly reiterated.
"Ill think for myself, make my own judgments, and decide for myselfto follow that person."
Lucas was recalling the moment just before, when he had saved a boy in a back alley.
Killing monsters, saving people
Yeah.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com
I think I understand the weight of it now, at least a bit.
"Im not a dog, Im a person. So, I will wield my sword by my own will."
"Heh, sure."
Mason, who had smirked, tightened his grip on his greatsword and swung it down again.
"Quite the inappropriate things to say for a would-be knight, our young master!"
The swordfight continued.
Lucas, now armed with a new sword, and Mason, who had received a second dose of the beast transformation serum, were evenly matched.
But the seemingly endless fight came to an abrupt end.
In the same continuous motion he had practiced, Lucas thrust his sword into Mason.
"Hahaha! Havent learned a thing from the past, have you, young master?"
Mason, widening his eyes as if he had been waiting for this, deflected Lucass thrust with laughter.
"Going for a thrust again!"
Masons greatsword had one serrated side, like a saw.
He deflected Lucass thrust with that side, caught Lucass blade in the serrations, andwith a surge of magic powerspun the greatsword in a spiral.
Masons ultimate weapon-destroying technique,
[Weapon Break]!
The technique landed perfectly.
Lucass sword of light, caught between the serrated teeth, made an ominous sound before
It shattered into pieces.
The once radiant blade that emitted heat and light had been reduced to worthless shards.
Mason sneered at Lucas, who was still holding the hilt of the shattered sword.
"Hahaha! Making the same mistake again! How foolish! And to think you"
"Its okay."
"What?"
"I said, its okay."
For some reason, Lucas was smiling.
"Even if I fail, make mistakes, mess things up... its okay."
"...?"
"Wherever I wander, as long as I come back, its okay. My lord taught me that."
Time and time again, as my lord believed in me, I will forge a new blade from the broken one.
Slowly, the shards of the shattered sword of light rose from the ground.
In the empty space above the hilt, a new blade of light formed, joining with the particles of light scattered on the ground to produce an even more powerful blaze.
"What is...?"
Staring at the sword of light, restored in a moment, Mason was dumbfounded.
Smiling wryly as he looked at his own flickering blade, Lucas spoke.
"Why did I only realize this simple answer now?"
If it breaks, put it back together.
Even if things can never be the same as before.
Even if some things might be irreparable forever.
Still, if you try, struggle, and flail
Even if youre a failure, you can rise again.
Why did I give up on everything, and merely watch the shattered scenes from a distance?
"...No, regrets are for later."
Gripping the sword of light with both hands, Lucas began to walk forward.
"I will move past you, my past named Mason."
Life is a succession of regrets.
"Ill forge my sword anew, however many times it breaks, and wherever I wander in this world, Ill return under the banner of this front line."
And life is also about overcoming those regrets.
"Because Ive decided to do so."
For the first time, Lucass blue gaze completely detached from the shadows of his past.
Mason realized it. The eyes that were glaring at him were not actually looking at him.
They were looking beyond himlooking at what was behind him.
"What are you looking at...?"
Gritting his teeth, Mason crouched low.
"Im not your damned past..."
With a terrifying force, Mason lunged, plummeting toward Lucas.
"I am your future! I am your doom!"
Then Lucas grinned and said,
"Would that really happen?"
He swung his blade of light upward in a flawless counter, a fusion of stubborn resolve and unyielding will.
Zzzing-!
Masons greatsword, unable to withstand the explosive burst of light, shattered into two pieces.
And Masons beastly, massive form was likewise cleaved in two, vertically.
***
I unexpectedly regained my senses quickly.
I thought I would go into a magic-depleted state after using my ultimate skill, but nothing of the sort happened. 
My veins felt warm as if they were laid upon an electric heating pad, presumably because they were supplied with magic power.
Is this the power of the Dragon Heart...?
It must be the effect of the Dragon Heart that Nameless had given me.
I imagined the Dragon Hearts energy, now presumably coursing through my body, as something akin to an electric heating pad. Warm and comforting.
As I got up, the situation was already being managed. Thankfully, there were no casualties on our side, and from the Aegis Special Forces were either dead or captured.
"Youre awake, Your Highness. Ill give you an update," Godhand came to me, looking pallid as he briefed me.
The guy had been hit with swords and arrows all day; he mustve been through a lot too.
"Of the 10 Aegis Special Forces agents who infiltrated this base camp, we killed seven and captured three. Including the casualties at Crossroad, weve killed sixteen out of a total of 20 agents and captured four."
"Everyone worked hard."
"We are currently interrogating the captured agents to see if there are more spies. We should have results soon."
Godhand showed a slight smile.
"Your Highness, your use of that magical barrier was extraordinary. We could neutralize them in one fell swoop."
"Im sorry for forcing you all into this risky operation. It was dangerous because of me."
"Not at all. Everything turned out fine in the end, didnt it? Captain Lucas is also safe."
Just as Godhand was finishing his report, the base camps gate flashed, and Lilly, in her wheelchair, appeared.
Lilly had been dispatched to the forward base for this defense battle, due to her responsibilities with artifacts. Given the snowstorm, the artifacts could malfunction.
But seeing her back now meant that the forward bases defensive battle was likely over.
"Godhand!"
Lilly, almost shrieking, urgently wheeled herself over to Godhand. As she assessed his injuries, she trembled and yelled,
"Who did this to you?! Who would dare!"
"Ah, well, you see..."
"Ill burn whoever laid a finger on you! Understand? Tell me, who tormented you!"
...Her tone resembled that of an older sibling scolding someone whod bullied their younger sibling.
Seeing Godhand squirming in discomfort, I took the opportunity to sneak away.
As the commander who pushed these kids into this, I felt a sense of responsibility. Time to make my quick escape...
I went around thanking everyone who had helped with the operation.
Bodybag and Burnout were totally wiped out.
Especially Burnout, who mustve singed his mouth and esophagus spewing fire. You worked hard; go rest.
Verdandi and the Holy Grail Seekers party. Theyd readily joined the battle when Id asked for help on short notice. I promised to shower them with sunflower seeds.
Margarita and the reserve party. Id hurriedly called them up, but they did their part.
Margarita was still busy healing the injured. Ill make a generous donation to your temple later.
Then there was Elize.
"Hmm, this weapon will do, and this one too..."
"..."
As befits her reputation as a Sword Coffin, she was examining the weapons of the dead special forces agents. I suppose I can turn a blind eye if shes taking one or two as spoils...
And finally, Lucas.
I was wondering where he was, so I looked around and spotted Kellibey waving at me from a distance.
"Hey, Young Prince. Over here."
Our master blacksmith had completed the weapon just in time. As I walked over to Kellibey with a bright smile, he pointed to a corner of the base camp.
"Id like to hear your thoughts on my masterpiece. Would you mind checking it out?"
When I looked in that direction, Lucas was standing there alone.
In front of Masons fallen body in the sea of blood. Silently.
 
 



Chapter 342

"When I heard you had lost your memory."L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎
As I approached, Lucas muttered softly.
"Actually, I was relieved."
"...Why?"
"Because we could start over our broken relationship from scratch."
Lucas, who had been silently staring down at Masons corpse, resumed speaking.
"Because I could erase my past mistakes, and bury a past I wanted to forget."
"..."
"But the original sin I committed never disappeared. Every time you treated me warmly with a smile, my hidden past stabbed me inside like a dagger."
Lucas slowly turned around.
"I wish to be honest with you now."
He took a deep breath.
Lucas raised his head to look at me directly, and opened his mouth.
"I am"
"Okay, stop right there!"
Cut-!
I interrupted him mercilessly. Lucas looked stunned.
"Huh?!"
"Didnt I tell you earlier? Im not interested in your past."
Initially, I was quite curious. What had happened between Lucas and Ash? I even thought of asking.
But then... I realized anew.
Thats really none of my business.
"Whatever youve done to me, its okay. Its all in the past."
"But...!"
"If you really want to apologize, do it when I regain my memory."
I grinned.
"Its only fair, right?"
"..."
With an expression as if hed been slapped, Lucas cracked a wry smile.
"...Youre right. Indeed, apologizing to a lord who has lost his memory would only satisfy my own conscience."
Oh, I didnt mean it like that, but
Somehow Lucas seemed relieved. With a faint smile, he bowed his head respectfully toward me.
"Understood. Then, until you regain your memory, Ill postpone my apology."
"..."
Why do I feel like Ive lost out on something? Should I have just accepted the apology?
Sighing, I waved my hand.
"So, hows the weapon? Are you satisfied?"
"All the weapons youve given me so far have been remarkable, but this... this is on another level."
After catching Kellibey eavesdropping, Lucas deliberately raised his voice.
"How on earth did you manage to create something like this?"
"Its the epitome of Lake Kingdoms magical blacksmithing. Amazing, isnt it? Only the prodigious Elder Dwarf Kellibey could pull it off..."
Kellibey puffed up with pride and stroked his shoulders repeatedly. Oh, for goodness sake.
Still, the fact that he crafted an awesome weapon is undeniable. For a while, Lucas and I lavishly praised the weapon. May as well let the guys ego soar a bit, right?
[Bestowed Sword(SSR)] <Lucas McGregor Exclusive Equipment>
- Category: Longsword
- Attack Power: 100-150
- Durability: It wont be destroyed as long as the users will remains.
- Sword of the Heart: This sword can change its form freely. Depending on the users will, it morphs every moment to deliver the most optimal attack.
- Critical Hit Chance + 20~95% (Varies depending on users will)
- Armor Penetration + 20~95% (Varies depending on users will)
- All Stats + 10~50 (Varies depending on users will)
This is one of the games ultimate cheat items, the [Bestowed Sword].
The item had many nicknames given by the games users. From Lightsaber to Sword of Light, Flashlight, Searchlight, and so on...
But the most commonly used nickname was Light Whip.
At first glance, it may seem like some kind of derogatory term, but its actually an abbreviation for Whip of Light.
In-game, when Lucas equipped this weapon, his attack range extended by +3 squares.
Due to its ability to freely change the shape of its blade, it could stretch out like a whip.
They took advantage of this extended range to maintain maximum distance from the enemy, employing long-range Strikes of Will.
Using a melee units infinite stack attack from a distance?
Thats insanely overpowered.
Moreover, Lucas also had an excellent mobility skill called Step of Persistence.
No matter how strong the enemy units were, he could single-handedly maintain distance and defeat them, effectively enabling a kiting tactic.
Hes one of those who players play around of, changing the game genre all by himself.
"Master your skills with this sword. It will be a great asset on our front lines."
"Yes, my Lord."
"Take it."
After briefly checking the stats, I handed the sword back to Lucas.
Lucas hesitated for a moment, then,
Kneeling on one knee in front of me, he carefully took the sword with both hands raised above his head.
"...?"
I didnt intend to give it to him like this...
Lucas stood up, fastening the sword to his waist with a grin.
"I will make good use of it for the rest of my life, my Lord."
"Fine. Just dont break it... Not that you could anyway..."
The durability is theoretically infinite, so he really could use it for the rest of his life. Hell, he could use it as a dagger to prepare food, rip open packaging, and generally MacGyver his way through life.
By the way, is there a meaning behind you fastening the scabbard? Isnt it that the blade only forms when you grasp it?
I was about to peacefully continue this useless conversation when,
Flash!
The teleport gate flickered, and other heroes began pouring in.
"What the?! Whats going on?!"
Among them, Evangeline, who rushed back first, screamed with wide-open eyes.
"What happened here?! Whats going on?!"
Apparently, the defense battle was over.
A delayed wave of fatigue hit me. I trudged towards the gate.
"Hey, I gotta sneak away. Im starting to feel bad from using magic recklessly."
"Same here, my Lord."
Lucas smiled beside me as we walked.
"After being beaten and rolling around all day, Id like to let go and rest."
"...?"
I found his sincerity rather unusual.
And is it my imagination? The corners of Lucass mouth are slightly relaxed. He always had this tense edge, but now...
For the first time, he had a youthful smile appropriate for his age, twenty-two.
I chuckled in response.
"Shall we go?"
"Lets."
"And the aftermath?"
"Well, everythings done, and Evangelines smart. Shell figure it out."
Right. Evangeline has been overtly not subtly hungry for command. Lets leave the rest to her.
Lucas took one last glance at Masons corpse, then fully turned around.
Lucas and I subtly lowered our stance and snuck around, approaching the teleport gate from a distance.
Just as we were about to enter the gate, our eyes met with Evangeline, who was frantically looking around.
Lucas waved his hand vigorously, and I pointed my index finger to my temple, then gestured towards Evangeline.
"Were too tired, so were taking a break! Please take care of the rest!"
"Wha...?"
With her mouth agape, as if she couldnt believe it, Evangeline screamed and started running towards us.
"Hey! You old men! Where do you think youre running off to! Explain everything to me!"
Flash!
The world was filled with a blinding light, and soon after, Lucas and I popped out at the teleport gate in the courtyard of the estate.
Im sorry, Evangeline. The others will fill you in. Im not feeling well, so Im going to leave early.
I stretched my arms overhead and let out a yawn. Just then, Lucas chuckled softly.
"Whats up? Remembering the old days?"
"The old days?"
"Back at the academy, when you and I would skip class and jump over the fence. Teachers would chase after us, yelling for someone to catch us... That memory came to mind."
Hmm, I see. Mustve felt similar to skipping study hall to go to an internet cafe. Even in a fantasy world, the antics of students are quite similar.
Lucas looked a little wistful.
"I didnt realize it at the time, but looking back, those were innocent memories."
"..."
Though I couldnt remember sharing school days with Lucas, I somehow felt a vague sense of connection.
"What would you usually do after skipping class?"
"Wed usually go eat something. We were always hungry back then..."
"Then lets go eat something. Hey, Aider!"
My servants rushed towards me, shedding tears as they emerged from the destroyed mansion.
Finally, Aider staggered out, and I yelled towards him.
"Im hungry! Prepare something simple for me!"
About to say something, Aider swallowed his words and offered a faint smile instead.
"Yes, My Lord. I shall prepare a meal for you."
***
[STAGE 14 - CLEAR!]
[STAGE MVP - Evangeline(SSR)]
[Characters Leveled Up]
- None
[Injured or Deceased Characters]
- Lucas(SSR) : Minor injuries
- Godhand(SR) : Minor injuries
- Burnout(SR) : Minor injuries
- Bodybag(R) : Minor injuries
[Items Acquired]
- Harpy Legion Mana Stone: 252
- Standard Advanced Mana Core(R): 3
[Stage Clear Rewards Have Been Distributed. Please Check Your Inventory.]
- R-rank Reward Box: 5
>> Get Ready For The Next STAGE
>> [STAGE 15: Before Winter Ends]
***
The next day. Early in the morning.
Knock knock knock.
A courteous knock echoed at the door of the semi-basement house.
Moments later, a scruffy boy opened the door with a yawn.
"Whew, who is it... Ah!"
The boys eyes widened.
A tall blond knight stood at the short doorway. The boy beamed a smile.
"Sir Knight! Youre safe!"
"Thanks to you, we were able to repel the invaders and rescue the Lord."
"Ah, I didnt really do much."
Feeling shy, the boy looked at Lucas, who then presented something wrapped in cloth.
"Unfortunately, the wooden sword you lent me got destroyed. So, I brought this for you..."
Curious, the boy took it and unwrapped the cloth.
"...!"
Inside was a short but exquisite sword.
"Its not much, but please accept it as my token of gratitude."
"Sir Knight...!"
"You said you dreamt of becoming a knight, right? Use it for your training."
"Yes!"
Watching the boy tenderly embrace the sword, Lucas chuckled.
"What kind of knight do you want to become?"
"Um... probably a knight that stands by the weak. A knight of justice, maybe...?"
Holding the hilt of the sword, the boy lifted his head and suddenly asked,
"What kind of knight do you want to be, Sir Knight?"
"Me? I..."
After a moments hesitation, Lucas shrugged with a grin.
"I aim to be the coolest knight in the world."
The boy smiled back.
"You already are!"
"...Thanks, even if its just lip service."
Lucas lightly ruffled the boys hair and turned away, striding off into the snowfall until he vanished from sight.
The boy watched Lucas retreating figure with envious eyes.
There was no hesitation in the knights footsteps across the snow.
Because there were no lingering afterimages to look back on anymore.
***
"So you left all the clean-up to me and you two enjoyed yourselves eating good food and taking a long rest, huh..."
Evangeline puffed out her cheeks and ground her teeth, sitting next to me.
My room. In the mansion.
I was snugly tucked into my bed, under the covers, feeling unwell. Evangeline sat on the sofa next to me.
I bowed my head slightly, receiving my scolding obediently. Getting reprimanded by the teacher the day after staying up late is a universal law.
"I understand youre tired! And I know you worked hard! But you shouldve told me! Do you know how worried I was?!"
"Uh, Im sorry..."
Im sorry, teacher... Just no points off Gryffindor, please...
As I apologized again, Evangeline let out a sigh and sank her small body into the sofa.
"Ugh, fine. What am I doing, scolding someone whos sick."
"Im sorry... Its my fault..."
"When Lucas comes by later, Ill give him a piece of my mind too... Wheres that man wandering off to when hes also quite hurt?"
Lucas was currently out. He said something about briefly going out to return something borrowed.
"Anyway, its good that everyone is safe... As for the defense battle, well, the terrible weather made it tough, but we managed to fend off the monsters without any major casualties."
Evangeline pulled a stack of reports toward her and gave me a sidelong glance with her green eyes.
"But, senior."
"Yeah?"
"Theres something strange."
Strange? What?
"We received a report saying that among the special agents, sixteen died and four were captured alive."
"Right, that should be correct. Why?"
"Well..."
Evangeline furrowed her brow as she examined the documents. After a moment, she slowly said,
"...The number of bodies I processed yesterday was fifteen, you see?"
 
 



Chapter 343

"Gasp... Gasp..."
Mason was walking.
His body half-dragged itself, leaking blood through the gaping wounds.
Gurgle...Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com
His upper body, almost fatally injured, was still attempting to regenerate. However, the injuries were too severe for an easy recovery.
"Damn... This is tough as hell..."
Under normal circumstances, his injuries would have been fatal.
But the beastification serum he had taken twice before kept him in this world.
The serum granted him regenerative powers and vitality that exceeded human limits, forcibly healing his injuries and keeping him alive.
After taking a subterfuge pill tucked into his molar, feigning death, and seizing a moment when the guards were lax, he managed to escape.
And so, he arrived
At the dungeon beneath the darkened lake, a source of evil from which monsters poured forth. The Lake Kingdom.
"Haah, Kuh..."
But he had reached his limit.
Though he had managed to arrive at his mission objective, his injuries were too severe. Mason collapsed, unable to walk any further.
Holding his intestines in place through the gaping wounds with trembling hands, Mason searched his pockets.
From his blood-soaked fingers, he pulled out a syringe filled with a blue liquid.
It was his last dose of beastification serum.
Getting shot up twice in one day is insane enough, but three times...
But what choice did he have?
He had come this far, and he was already past the point of no return.
"Ugh!"
Mason jammed the syringe into his neck.
Whoosh!
The serum rapidly flowed into his system, its effects manifesting instantly.
Creak, creeeeak...!
His muscles twisted, his limbs bulked up, and his wounds healed simultaneously.
"Kuh, Ah, Aaaaah...!"
A moment later, when the transformation had completed, what remained was no longer anything resembling a humana hybrid beast.
The serum itself was a synthetic blend of various species, so its ultimate effect resulted in a form close to a chimera.
"At this rate, its not a beast..."
Looking down at his grotesquely elongated claws, Mason clicked his tongue.
"...Its more like a monster."
Though his body had healed, his consciousness had become hazy.
Everything felt foggy, unclear. Yet Mason, gnawing on his own tongue, somehow managed to get up.
- Retrieve the Demon King.
That was the mission given to him by his master, Fernandez.
He remembered just that.
Mason was not a man of loyalty, and he didnt necessarily agree with Fernandezs ideals. However.
- Those who gather here in this special unit are those who can only offer their souls to achieve their goals.
Just as he had told Lucas.
The price for his damned soul had to be paid.
"This way... theres already a trap set up..."
Muttering to himself, Mason moved his feet. His legs, now reversed at the joints, struggled to step forward.
Into the darkness.
Deeper into the darkness.
Towards the deepest darkness, where the Demon King resided.
For the fate of the empire, and for the future of all mankind.
***
The very heart of the Lake Kingdom.
Here stood a towering, pitch-black spire emanating darkness like a mistthe Kings Castle.
Gatekeeper demons maintained a constant vigil here, and one by one, the commanders of the Nightmare Legion arrived.
The council in front of the King.
A meeting presided over by the Demon King himself, a council of the rulers of the hell beneath the Lake Kingdom.
Creak!
Entry proceeded in order of rank, from the lowest first.
The first to enter was the Nightmare Legion Commander, ranked 10th, the Goblin God-King Kali-Alexander.
He was exceptionally tall for a goblin, but when compared to a normal human, his physique was clearly diminutive. He wore a leather armor wrapped around his body, a golden cape, and a helmet on his head.
This helmet was a bit peculiar; it was a fusion of a mask and a crown.
A face-covering mask was attached to the front of the helmet, and a pointed crown seamlessly affixed to the top.
"Kali-Alexander."
"Thank you for responding to the summons. Please enter."
The demon gatekeepers stepped aside, making way. The Goblin King gave a slight nod and entered the Kings Castle with a confident step.
Behind him, the demon gatekeepers murmured.
"Heh, a Goblin acting all high and mighty as a king."
"Shh! What if he hears you!"
"So what if he hears? Hes just a Goblin. At the bottom of the pecking order."
Kali-Alexander had heard every word of their conversation.
But he chose not to address their rudeness, silently proceeding inward.
The demon gatekeepers snickered.
"See? Goblins must be used to insults."
"Does he realize he doesnt belong here? Tsk, tsk..."
Their mocking ceased when the next leaders of the Nightmare Legion appeared one by one.
Clomp, clomp.
With every step, seawater splashed from his waterlogged boots, the hem of his foul-smelling coat scraping the floor, and a phantom pirate sucking on a bottle of liquor appeared next.
Rank 8, Ghost Fleet Admiral Bernardt Poker.
The ruler of all ghost-type and aquatic monsters, the demon gatekeepers stood up straight, their previous slouch gone.
"Bernardt Poker, Captain."
"Thank you for responding to the summons. Please enter."
Ignoring the gatekeepers, the ghostly admiral spat out a single word.
"Hey."
"Yes?"
"Is there booze inside?"
"..."
A brief silence followed.
"What kind of meeting is this if youre not even going to serve alcohol, damn it..."
Muttering to himself, the phantom admiral staggered into the castle. The demon gatekeepers were left sweating in anxiety.
Following him was,
"No-no-no-no! I dont wanna attend todays meeting!"
"What idiocy is this, Succubus! What excuse could you possibly have to avoid a meeting directly summoned by the King of Kings!"
A succubi woman and a plague doctor were the next to appear.
Rank 7, Salome.
Rank 4, Lord of Plague Raven.
Salome was trying to escape, throwing a tantrum, while Raven forcibly dragged her along.
"My whole legion is wiped out, wiped out! How can I face the King of Kings now! He will be furious! Just let me run away, Raven, please? I promise to attend the next meeting properly!"
"Do you think your annihilated legion will miraculously come back to life next time? Its better to face the music now. Lets report truthfully to the King of Kings and beg for his mercy!"
"No-no-no-no! I dont wanna get scolded!"
Whining like a child, Salome was finally dragged inside the Kings Castle by Raven.
The demon gatekeepers averted their eyes from this unsightly spectacle.
Next to arrive was a mage dressed in mysterious attire, as if he had come from an exotic eastern land.
Rank 3, High Priestess White Night.
Dressed in a wide-sleeved robe and wearing a ceremonial hat adorned with small beads, her face was obscured by a large talisman attached to the hat.
The High Priestess didnt even touch the ground, effortlessly floating in the air as she arrived at the entrance of the Kings Castle.
"Master White Night."
"Thank you for responding to the summons. Please enter."
In response to the gatekeepers hospitality, the High Priestess gave a slight nod and silently entered.
The aura of death that flowed around her made all the demon gatekeepers involuntarily gulp down their saliva.
Click, clack.
The next figure to appear was a familiar presence to the demonic gatekeepers.
Because she was their direct superior.
She was dressed in a lavish gown, wearing a mask that only covered her eyes, as if she were attending a masquerade ball.
Her skin bore the distinct red hue common to demons, and between strands of her cream-colored hair sprouted magnificent horns, reminiscent of a deers antlers.
She was the General of the demon legion responsible for serving as the direct royal guards to the Demon King in this Lake Kingdom.
Ranked second in the hierarchy, the commander of the demonic guardians, Cromwell.
"We greet Your Excellency!"
"We greet Your Excellency!"
Snap!
As the gatekeepers saluted in unison, Cromwell, satisfied with her subordinates discipline, strode in with the click-clacking of her high heels.
"Lets do well today, kids. Understand?"
"Yes, Your Excellency!"
After the demonic legions General disappeared within, all that was left was to await the arrival of the last one.
The faces of the gatekeepers were tense as they waited for the final commander of the Nightmare Legion. And soon, he revealed himself.
Thud. Thud.
Dressed in a refined black and white suit, with long black hair carelessly falling over his shoulders
And eyes that shone like golden dragon orbs.
He assumed a human form, but his essence was that of a dragon.
Ranked first the Black Dragon Night Bringer. (TL Note: I debated between calling him Night Bringar and this. Decided to go with this)
His impassive face blatantly conveyed his boredom with the world as he sauntered through the royal path into the Kings Castle.
The gatekeepers, as they had done with previous commanders, tried to greet him, but found themselves speechless.
"..."
"..."
They were choked up by the overwhelming presence exuded by the Dragon King.
Not giving a damn about whether the gatekeepers greeted him or not, the Black Dragon ambled into the Kings Castle and vanished from sight.
As he disappeared, the gatekeepers collectively exhaled in relief.
"His aura is truly on another level every time we see him..."
"Isnt it disrespectful to even categorize him with the other commanders? What criteria does our King use?"
Murmurings among the gatekeepers soon ceased altogether.
Their commander Cromwell, the commander of the demonic guardians, was peeking through the gate.
She let out a disapproving noise, and the gatekeepers immediately snapped to attention.
"Do it right, you slackers. Understand?"
"Yes, Your Excellency!"
"Just try letting Nameless break through the main gate like before and tarnish my reputation. Ill kill all of you."
A cold sweat trickled down the spines of the gatekeepers.
This was a different kind of sweat, one born from the tension of an actual, looming threat.
Cromwell, revealing her fangs, mimed slitting her throat with her finger before disappearing with the click-clacking of her high heels.
The demonic gatekeepers stood their ground without flinching.
After all, this was a routine they had performed ad nauseam over the past several centuries.
***
Kings Castle. Royal Reality.
Once again seated upon his throne, toying with the pieces on a chessboard, the Shadow King the King of all monsters greeted his subordinates with pleasure as they assembled.
"Welcome, my Nightmares."
The Demon King scanned the commanders seated at the table with his eyes and clicked his tongue.
"Unfortunately, our numbers have decreased."
Ranked 9th, Lunared.
Ranked 6th, Orlop.
Ranked 5th, Celendion.
Three Nightmare Legion commanders had fallen, all at the hands of a single human.
The seven remaining Nightmare Legion commanders all knew the name of their adversary.
Ash
The opponent to the Demon King, and the guardian of the human world they were tasked with annihilating.
"Lets cut to the chase. The next Great Offensive is soon."
The Demon King, crossing his legs and interlocking his fingers, spoke in a relaxed tone.
"And this time, we must utterly destroy the humans."
"..."
"Ive pondered quite a while on who would be trustworthy enough to handle this task."
The commanders of the Nightmare Legion quickly exchanged glances.
The Demon King would entrust the annihilation of humans to who?
That would be...
Obviously me, right?
...They all had the same thought.
"The one who will participate in this grand operation is..."
The Demon King slowly raised his hand, sweeping it across the assembled monstrous kings seated at the table,
"You."
He pointed his fingertip at one among them, singling them out.
 
 



Chapter 344

"You."
The one the Demon King pointed at was seated at the end of the table.
All eyes of the legion commanders simultaneously turned toward that end.
And sitting there was
"..."
The Goblin God-King.
Kali-Alexander.
"Huh?"
"What..."
"What is this"
A murmur of confusion spread among the Nightmare Legion commanders.
In truth, anyone present could have been selected and it would have been understandable.
Each of them was formidable enough to bring about the worlds enda veritable catastrophe from humanitys perspective.
However, that Goblin was an exception.
Even if he was a mutant born among Goblins, the strongest of his race, he was still just a Goblin.
A frail being that any of the other commanders could turn into a mere puddle of blood in an instant if they so wished.
"...Im not sure what kind of cruel joke this is, Your Supreme Majesty," said the fourth-ranking Plague Lord Raven from behind his crow mask.
"First of all, I agree with Your Royal Majestys decision. If were going to use that pitiful Goblin and his legion, we might as well send them out as soon as possible. Before Ash and his subordinates get any stronger. While those Goblins are still of some use."
"..."
Despite being openly humiliated, Kali-Alexander sat silently. Raven continued.
"But Your Supreme Majesty, will you then retract your earlier statement?"
The corners of the Demon Kings mouth curved upward, as if amused.
"What earlier statement? What part of what I said should I retract?"
"Didnt you say you would select someone reliable enough to entrust with the destruction of humanity? And then you choose that vermin, ignoring all of us monstrous figures gathered here."
Raven stood up, swept a hand over the other commanders around him, then placed his hand on his chest and bowed respectfully.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com
"From our perspective, its disappointing and feels like an insult."
Nods of agreement surged like a wave among the other Nightmare Legion commanders.
The Demon King covered his mouth, stifling a chuckle.
"So, to sum it up, I said Id choose the most reliable among you, but then chose the weakest, the Goblin, making you all feel slighted?"
Raven didnt bother to reply verbally, only nodding his head.
The Demon King cleared his throat and composed his laughter.
"There are several reasons why Ive chosen the Goblin Legion for this grand raid."
He slowly raised his hand and scanned the subordinates sitting at the table.
"Firstly, all of you, except the Goblin Legion, are too strong."
"...?"
A look of puzzlement flashed across the faces of the Nightmare Legion commanders.
How could being too strong be a problem?
"For this grand raid, I did not use the blessing that I usually bestow upon my legions during dark eventsraids against humanity."
"...?"
"If accumulated, its power amplifies. However, all of you are too strong to use this blessing."
If the difficulty of the stage reaches its maximum, [Dark Event] cannot be used.
Thats why the Demon King hadnt been able to use [Dark Event] for each boss stage up till now.
The Vampire Legion in Stage 5 and the Werewolf Legion in Stage 10 were too powerful, reaching the maximum difficulty level long ago.
However, the Goblin Legion was strong enough to be deployed as a boss stage but wasnt quite at maximum difficulty.
That meant they could apply the [Dark Event] in this Stage 15.
To accomplish this, the Demon King refrained from using [Dark Event] from stages 11 to 14, opting for a monthly amplification instead.
"...What does that even mean?"
But the legion commanders hearing this for the first time looked visibly confused, unable to comprehend the explanation.
"Its a rule of this game. You dont need to understand it. Just know that it exists."
The Demon King waved his hand dismissively, as if further explanation was a hassle.
"Anyway, the only legion that currently meets these conditions among you is the Goblin Legion. Thats why Ive chosen him. Most importantly."
The Demon King grinned as he looked intently at Kali-Alexander.
"I dont think the Goblin Legion is weak by any means."
"..."
"Judging by the individual strength of legion commanders, you, Alexander, are indeed the weakest among them."
The Demon King called him by only the latter part of his name Alexander, omitting the Kali- prefix.
Until now, the Goblin King had always maintained an inscrutable demeanor behind his mask, but at that moment, his eyes twitched.
Yet, he gave nothing away externally.
"Also, the individual members of your race are probably the weakest among all the nightmares in this Lake Kingdom."
"..."
"However,"
The Demon King softly grinned.
"Your legion, formed by the unity of your race, is by no means weak. Isnt that so?"
"...King of Kings."
For the first time, Kali-Alexander spoke.
The Goblin King slowly rose and respectfully bowed.
"If given the chance, I will prove what youve said to be true."
From within his helmet, a fusion of a mask and a crown, the Goblin King intoned in a voice thick with emotion.
"I will show the world why my legion deserves to be here."
"Youll have your chance."
The Demon King extended his hand and commanded.
"Invade the realm. Kill everything and burn it all down. Show your tactical genius without any reservations."
"..."
"Then prove it."
The Demon King spat out the next words as if challenging, or rather, taunting the other legion commanders.
"Prove that you are not inferior to any other legion commanders here. And that your legion, when compared with any other nightmares, is aiming for nothing less than being the strongest."
Chak!
Kali-Alexander bowed once more. The other nightmare legion commanders watched the goblin, unable to hide their distaste.
Slowly straightening his back, Kali-Alexander asked,
"King of Kings, may I inquire about just one thing?"
"Of course."
"You mentioned a blessing for our race... may I know what it entails?"
With a subtle grin creeping across his shadow-covered face, the Demon King revealed the blessing the content of the next [Dark Event].
"Its Breeding."
"...!"
"Look forward to it, Alexander."
The Demon King burst into a hearty laugh.
"After all, youre about to command an army the likes of which youve never seen before!"
Listening to the Demon Kings uproarious laughter and feeling the hostile gazes of the other legion commanders, Kali-Alexander slowly bowed his head.
Inside the mask, the Goblin Kings expression was complex.
Yes, in the end.
The only option was to kill and burn.
To prove that a goblin is a goblin, and furthermore, a useful goblin.
There was no other way.
***
"Happy New Year~!"
"Happy New Year!"
Waking up in the morning and shuffling into the dining room in my pajamas while scratching my belly, I was unexpectedly greeted this way.
It was Evangeline and Damien. The youngest members of our party were happily scattering winter petals before me. 
Lucas and Junior could also be seen in the dining hall.
The two of them, busy setting the table, waved at me when our eyes met. Whats going on?
"...Huh? New Year?"
Rubbing my swollen eyes with the back of my hand, I asked in a groggy voice. Whats this about New Year?
"Goodness, it seems like you really live without checking the calendar. Look!"
Evangeline pointed at the calendar hanging on the wall. 
It was a handmade tear-off calendar, and sure enough, it had been changed to a brand new, thick one. Boldly marked was the number January 1st. 
Taking off my sleep cap, I scratched my disheveled hair and let out an exhausted voice.
"Ive been sick these past few days...like I had the mind to look at a calendar..."
It had been several days since that incident. I had been moaning in bed the whole time. 
Still, I felt a bit better today and managed to crawl my way to the dining hall, only to find my party members unexpectedly preparing a Happy New Years event.
"We actually planned to surprise you after we finished setting everything up, but you beat us to it, so were doing it here instead..."
"Do you really have to surprise me?"
"We even burned last years calendar at the stroke of midnight yesterday! You missed it because you were asleep!"
"I was sick, come on... cut me some slack."
Forget that, why were they playing with fire in the middle of the night? One could easily cause a disaster. Be careful.
After enduring Evangelines devilish scolding, angelic Damien granted me a blessing of health.
"Happy New Year, Your Highness! May you have a healthy year without any sickness!"
It wasnt just lip service; I could feel a trace of divine power mixed in with the petals he was scattering. I felt a bit rejuvenated.
"Sniff, sniff, Damien, youre the only one for me...!"
Unconsciously moved, I hugged Damien, feigning tears. Damien struggled to free himself, asking why I was acting like this.
"While I cant bless you with divine power, I can give you health in another way."
Evangeline declared proudly from the side.
I wiped my nose on Damiens shoulder and frowned. What are you up to now?
"Now that youre almost fully recovered... time for daily morning exercises!"
"Nooooo-!"
Without realizing it, I blurted out a vehement protest. What a horrifying proposition! I hate mornings and I hate exercising!
"Are you a demon?"
"Im your junior, but seriously, you need to exercise."
Evangeline and Damien led me to the dining table. Lucas and Junior had finished setting the table and were waiting for us.
"Good New Years morning, my lord."
"Happy New Year, Your Majesty!"
"Thanks, everyone. Many blessings to you."
I should probably give them New Years money later... Wait a minute. Shouldnt I receive bows from them first?
I took my seat at the head of the table, and the party members sat at their respective places.
"Sorry for the wait!"
Just then, Aider appeared, pulling a tray with a large pot on it. 
Wearing oven mitts on both hands, Aider cheerfully moved the pot onto the dining table.
"For New Years, nothing beats a hot meat and dumpling stew!"
Upon lifting the lid, a steamy stew appeared, filled with floating chunks of meat, dumplings, and vegetables in its red broth.
Aider ladled the stew into bowls for us. The stew was so hot that it warmed the bowls almost instantly.
"Mmm~! Nothing says youve started the New Year like eating this on January 1st, right?"
Inhaling the aroma of the stew, Evangelines shoulders shuddered. What is this? Is it like rice cake soup or something?
"Do you have to eat this to age another year?"
"Huh? What are you talking about? I eat five bowls of this every year, does that mean Im older than you?"
Evangeline, who didnt understand the rice cake soup culture of Earth-Korea, widened her eyes in surprise.
Dont take the joke so seriously...
"...You eat five bowls?"
"My record is eight bowls. Hehe!"
Why is she so proud of that?
Then, Lucas, who had been silently listening, softly spat out,
"Ten bowls."
"What? What did you say, sir?"
"This body. Highest record. Ten bowls."
Lucas grinned triumphantly, chuckling as if to show off. Evangelines fangs became more prominent as her mouth twitched irritably.
"Im growing every year, you know. As I get taller, my stomach will get bigger too! Then Ill easily surpass your measly record!"
"But for now, youre tiny, and so is your stomach. Eight bowls is your limit."
"Yikes! Fine, lets see who can eat more! Bring it on!"
"Keep up if you can, runt...!"
The two knights began competitively blowing on their hot stew to cool it down.
Evangeline even ladled stew into a second bowl, perhaps to cool it down in advance.
Unable to hold back any longer, I yelled out,
"Can you eat a reasonable amount from the get-go on New Years morning? You little piggies!"
If you guys hog it all, whats left for the rest of us, huh? Ugh!
 
 



Chapter 345

After breaking up a minor food fight,
"Lets eat!"
As I picked up my spoon and shouted, the others also lifted their spoons, chiming in, Lets eat-!
"Wow, the New Years stew from the southern regions is pretty spicy."
Junior, who took the first sip, grimaced and stuck out her tongue. Indeed, a complex mix of spices burst forth, and it was a bit spicy.
The hearty warmth was comforting, and I smiled as I swallowed.
"Junior, youve traveled all around the world. Hows the food elsewhere?"
"In the North, where I was born, we just add salt and keep it simple. In the East, since its near the ocean, they use fish meat instead of meatballs."
Fish cakes, huh? Now that she mentions it, Im craving fish cake soup...!
This time Lucas chimed in.
"In the Imperial Capital, they roast meatballs separately and place them atop a vegetable stew."
"Why make it so complicated?"
"Im not entirely sure, but the Lord said that such unnecessary steps are in the spirit of the Imperial Capital."
Ah, hearing that, it sorta makes sense...
"Also, my lord enjoys spicing up this New Years stew with a shot of strong alcohol. He considers it a New Years Day pleasure."
Lucas grinned as he lifted a bottle of wine from under the table.
"Care for a drink?"
"Sure, pour it."
Trust Lucas to know his stuff.
...Huh? When did I start enjoying alcohol this much?
Was it because of that damn Ash? Or maybe because Ive been drinking so much at feasts after every defense battle?
As I pondered how my alcohol tolerance had improved, Evangeline, who was spooning her third bowl of stew, chimed in.
"Hey! What are you doing, drinking this early on New Years Day? You bunch of drunks!"
"Its meaningful because its the first morning. Heh."
"Senior, youre still recovering!"
"Its okay, Im all better."
Lucas filled his own glass, mine, and Juniors. Junior grinned as she received her drink. I became curious.
"Junior, didnt you dislike alcohol?"
"Ah, that... I got used to it because of a certain group..."
"A certain group...?"
Then, Evangeline frantically waved her hands.
"Never mind that! Come on, lets all toast!"
Damien is of age but doesnt enjoy alcohol, and Evangeline is still underage even after her birthday this year, so no alcohol for them.
Instead, Aider prepared a sweet beverage for them, mixing pickled fruit and milk jam. He even placed a thin layer of ice on top.
"May you have a prosperous New Year!"
"May this year be filled with good things-!"
Cheers!
We toasted. Evangeline, who gulped down her New Years drink, squinted her eyes and shivered.
"Kuh...! I hate winter, but this drink is absolutely killer...!"
The wine, which was said to be buried in winter snow and just recently unearthed, was as cold as ice and tasted fantastic.
Hot stew and ice-cold wine. Quite a powerful combination.
We enjoyed a cheerful morning, eating and drinking.
***
Having eaten a full breakfast and feeling slightly lethargic, my party members dressed me in my outdoor gear.
Evangeline put fur boots on my feet, Junior buttoned up my coat, Damien wrapped a scarf around my neck, and Lucas placed a fur hat on my head.
Did you guys practice this beforehand? Why are you so skilled?
Wobbling around like a penguin in my thick outdoor gear, I belatedly asked,
"Whats going on? Why are you dressing me up like this?"
Damien answered with a wide grin.
"On the first day of the New Year, we must visit the temple to pray for the goddesss blessings!"
Ah, I see. So this neighborhood has such a custom.
"Normally, the temple operates a bit restrictively, but today, being the first day of the new year, its open to all visitors."
"Hmmm."
Usually, only the medical facilities within the temple were open to the general public, while most other areas remained off-limits.
But today, even the central hall housing the largest statue of the goddess was open.
It was said that you could receive the years blessings from the goddess here.
...Wait a minute.
Isnt that statue in the central hall the one I destroyed last time? The one disguised as a communication device...
As I broke out into a cold sweat, Damien, who had noticed my discomfort, whispered in my ear.
"...Theyve carved a new one, so dont worry too much."
"Is that so? Im not cursed, am I?"
"As for divine retribution... you might face it in the afterlife, but for now, the temples operations are unaffected. So dont worry!"
Damien said with an angelic smile. Come on, cant you watch over me in the afterlife too?
...I better make a generous donation.
I decided to protect my afterlife with the power of capitalism and reached for my purse. Not just a donation, but also to hand out some New Years money to the kids.
When I stepped out of the mansion, the sky was clear. Just a few days ago, it had been snowing, but today there wasnt a single cloud.
The temperature was low, but there was no wind, making it a refreshing day for a walk.
"Shall we walk to the temple?"
"Oh, thats a great idea, senior! Walking is good exercise, after all."
...Hearing that made me want to just hop into a carriage instead.
"Then I shall have the carriage wait, my lord."
"Ah, y-yes... sure, lets do that."
Too late to back out now, I guess.
So we headed toward the temple on foot.
From the path leading to the temple alone, I could already see that it was crowded. As we got closer, it got even more bustling.
Seems like everyone wants to get a blessing from the goddess and has flocked here since morning.
Among the crowd, one alley seemed particularly busy. As I got closer, I heard a familiar voice.
"Ah, Ash!"
A petite dark-haired girl, dressed in a silver crown and fur coat, energetically waved her hand.
I could see the sharp, shark-like teeth neatly arranged in her smiling mouth.
"Are you going to the temple too?"
"Your Grace!"
It was Dusk Bringar. I nodded my head in acknowledgment.
"Happy New Year."
"Ahaha, yes. May you and your subordinates be filled with blessings this year."
Next to Dusk Bringar was a large pot set over an open flame.
Her knights were busy stirring something in the pot and then ladling it out to people. Thats why the crowd had gathered.
"Were handing out Western-style New Years stew for free."
"Oh, Western-style... But why is it free?"
"The people of Crossroad have accepted our refugees without much discrimination or persecution. Consider it a gesture of goodwill."
I see. So theyre sharing their traditional food as a sign of gratitude.
"Whats the style of this New Years stew in the West?"
"Its the Bringar Kingdom way, which is similar since we branched off from the Empire. We pour meatball stew over roasted vegetables."
It sounds like the eating style of the Imperial Capital, but reversed.
"And eating it outside like this is the best! Enjoying New Years stew in the cold air is something special!"
Dusk Bringar pointed to the people around her who were holding bowls and eating, and grinned.
"Would you like a bowl?"
"No, Im good. Ive already eaten my fill..."
I had refused, but Evangeline and Lucas happily took another bowl each. Stop eating already!
"Wow, this is really good!"
"Hmm. Theres a sweetness that comes from the roasted vegetables."
As the two knights enjoyed their meal, Dusk Bringar crossed her arms and let out a hearty laugh, as if satisfied.
"You need to pay more attention to the temperature to make tasty grilled vegetables! Thats why I personally roasted them with my breath!"
...Did I hear that wrong? Did the Dragon Lady actually breathe fire to make the New Years stew? It must be a joke, right?
"Uh, the stews pretty good, too."
Thats when I noticed Kuilan and the Penal Squad each holding a bowl and slurping their food.
The Penal Squad seemed to struggle with the heat, sticking out their tongues and hesitatingly swallowing the stew. With their tongues like that, they did look a bit beast-like...
"Hey, Kuilan. Happy New Year."
"Ah! Captain! Happy New Year to you too!"
"Oh! Great Captain! May your New Year be prosperous!"
Finally recognizing me, the members of the Penal Squad all bowed respectfully. I nodded.
"Do Beastmen eat New Years stew, too?"
"In our Leaf Tribe, we dont eat stew for the New Year. Instead, we have special dumplings cooked in an oven."
Kuilan exaggeratedly mimed eating a dumpling.
"You have to swallow it in one go. If you miss even a drop of dumpling juice, your luck for the year will run away."
"Seems like you guys cant handle hot food, though...?"
"Thats why its a challenge. Usually, we end up scalding our mouths and suffer for a few days."
So youre basically doing something foolish?
"Next time, if the opportunity arises, Ill prepare a feast of our tribes traditional dumplings. My brother taught me the secret recipe."
"...Ill look forward to it."
The mention of Kuilans brother made my mood a bit heavier.
I patted Kuilan on the shoulder, and he resumed eating his stew, blowing on it to cool it down.
After exchanging greetings with Dusk Bringar once more, we headed back towards the temple.
Upon arriving, we ran into three members of the Shadow Squad exiting the temple. I waved enthusiastically.
"Godhand! Bodybag! Burnout! Checking out, are we?"
"Ah, Your Majesty!"
The three elves bowed politely.
These three had been injured during the special forces infiltration incident and were receiving treatment at the temple. It looked like they were checking out today.
"May you all have a prosperous New Year."
"May the World Trees fortune be with you as well, Your Majesty and everyone else."
Returning their Elven New Years greeting, I asked, 
"Are you all fully recovered now?"
"Yes, nearly. The Saintess said we could stay another day or two, but seeing how busy the temple is due to the New Year celebrations, we thought wed check out early to lighten the priests workload."
I see, thats considerate of them.
I glanced at Damien beside me.
"But if the temple is busy, are you sure its okay for you to be out here?"
"The Saintess assigned me the task of accompanying you, Your Majesty... Hehe. I have to return to help with the temple duties in the afternoon."
Damien grinned awkwardly. This kid has learned to be quite savvy.
I turned back to the trio of elves.
"Did you three have New Years stew?"
"Yes. It was served for breakfast at the temple. It warmed us up a bit."
"Do elves traditionally eat New Years stew, too?"
"No. The Elf Kingdom uses a different calendar, so today is not the first day of the New Year for us. Theres a few days difference."
Godhands face looked slightly wistful.
"And for our New Years food, we drink warm tea with sunflower honey in it."
"...Along with cookies made from sunflower seeds?"
"Oh, how did you know?"
Its because Ive just learned that you belong to a hamster-like species thats crazy about sunflowers, nuts, and fruits.
While engaging in such frivolous and New Years Day-appropriate conversation
"Ah!"
Turning towards the familiar voice from a distance, I saw Lilly stop momentarily in her wheelchair. She was holding a tray filled with something.
I quickly waved my hand.
"Lilly, Happy New Year!"
"Happy New Year to you too, Your Highness. I wish everyone good fortune for this year!"
Lilly, still seated in her wheelchair, bowed her head respectfully and came closer after swallowing her saliva nervously.
"So, Godhand? I remember you mentioned something before, so I tried baking..."
When Lilly lifted the cover from the tray, the aroma of warm pies filled the air. They were filled with nuts and dried fruits.
"Im not really good at cooking... so they might not be tasty but..."
Some were slightly burnt, and a few had broken edges. Lilly stammered, her face flushing with embarrassment.
"Still, would you take a bite, considering the effort?"
"..."
Godhand blinked in surprise before quickly taking a bite of the pie.
Bodybag also took a bite with a smile, while Burnout removed her mouth gag, shoved a pie into her mouth, and replaced the gag.
"Wow, this is delicious!"
Bodybags eyes sparkled as she quickly took another few bites.
Nodding vigorously, Burnout, her cheeks full, seemed to agree.
"..."
Only Godhand silently chewed on the pie, his gaze far away, as if recalling some distant past.
"...Um, Godhand?"
Lilly cautiously asked, sensing his distraction. Godhand suddenly snapped back to reality and grinned.
"Its really delicious, Lilly. Thank you for taking the time to make this."
"Oh, well, I just had some free time..."
Flushing, Lilly turned her head away and made a fuss.
Ah, here it goes again. The pink mood is getting thick...
Just how annoying can this couple be on New Years Day? Should I just knock them over? Unconsciously, I found myself pondering.
Reaching for the pie, my two knightsno, my two greedy hounds appeared. Those rascals!
Smack!
After slapping their hands away, I quickly led my party into the temple.Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com
"Alright, lets go to the temple to receive the Goddesss blessings."
"Aww, why! There looks to be plenty, just one bite!"
"I am curious about the taste of pies made by elves, My Lord!"
"Damn it! Read the room, you muscle-headed oafs!"
Even if I dont like couples, I know when to be considerate.
So after overcoming various hurdles, we finally entered the temple
"..."
From the entrance, it was visible.
Far in the center of the temple stood a large statue of a goddess.
Carved from white marble, the figure embodied the typical goddessa benevolent face and white wings sprouting from her back.
...Come to think of it.
Only then did I start to wonder.
Who exactly is this Goddess?
 
 



Chapter 346

Temple. Central Hall.
In this space filled with people in prayer, I looked up at the statue of the goddess and harbored a thought that could be considered somewhat blasphemous.
Is this goddess actually real?
No, Im not trying to negate the religion of this world! (Id be struck by divine punishment! Think of my afterlife!)
In this fantasy world, gods seem to actually exist and are active. 
Even my father, the Emperor, seems to frequently venture into the spirit realm to clash with the gods of other races.
I was just curious if this goddess, hailed as the protector of humanity, actually exists in corporeal form.
Maybe shes floating somewhere, enjoying a view of the conflicts in the mortal realm?VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience
The goddesss faith is so ingrained in daily life, but Ive never actually heard any explanation about the goddess herself.
Next to the statue of the goddess, Saintess Margarita was quietly reciting what sounded like the same prayer over and over.
"Thankful for the grace of the goddess who has brought light to all humanity on this land, we gather here the faithful hearts of the believers to wish for this year also..."
It seemed like a New Years prayer. Her voice sounded tired, and there were dark circles under her eyes. Looks like she had a hard day.
I wanted to ask Margarita, but that wont do. Ill have to find the right person to ask later.
Quite a few people had gathered in the central hall, each lost in their own prayers.
Carefully looking around, I saw my party members were also deep in prayer.
"..."
I didnt have any particular faith, and I didnt know much about this goddess either.
Still, I felt there was meaning in the act of sincerely wishing.
So like everyone else, I brought my hands together in front of my chest, closed my eyes, and prayed with all my heart.
I hope no one dies, and we can fight through the battles to come.
Even though it was an unrealistic wish,
Still, this was what I wished for now.
I prayed.
***
"What did you guys wish for in your New Years prayers?"
After finishing the prayer, we moved to the temple courtyard and I asked my party members.
"Oh, its personal, so you dont have to answer."
Then, Damien replied with a pure and innocent smile.
"I wished that everyone stays healthy and doesnt get sick this year!"
"Damien...!"
This... this angelic guy! Why are you so damn kind?! You couldve wished for something selfish!
Everyone in the party looked at Damien with rolled eyes, but Damien was innocently smiling, oblivious to it all.
May you receive a ton of blessings in the New Year...
"Compared to Damien, my wish might sound a bit selfish," Junior, shrugging her shoulders, shared her wish.
"I wished for my siblings, who are living far away, to get by without any major issues."
"Ah, right."
Junior mentioned she was providing for her siblings.
The war orphans that Jupiter took in. Among them, Junior, the eldest, seemed to be responsible for their livelihood.
"How are your siblings doing?"
"Hehe. Thanks to your generous wages, theyre doing well. Although I havent seen their faces in a while, so Im a bit worried."
"I wish Crossroad becomes a safer place so I can invite them all..."
"Your words alone are more than enough."
Suddenly, the face of the jovial old electric mage crossed my mind.
If Jupiter were alive, maybe wed be having drinks together to celebrate the New Year.
Ill have to give Junior a little extra for the New Year. So her siblings can enjoy a hearty meat and potato stew.
"Lucas, what about you?"
"As for me..."
When asked about his wish, Lucas hesitated for a moment before responding.
"...I begged them to finish off Mason."
"Ah."
I had thought that we had successfully killed or captured everyone during the last Aegis Special Forces infiltration mission. Little did I know, Mason had faked his death and escaped.
And Lucas had been blaming himself for letting Mason get away. All because he couldnt make sure Mason was dead.
No one could have expected that Mason, nearly severed at the waist, could have survived, let alone escape...
"I began the enmity with Mason. Therefore, Ill be the one to end it."
"Right... Itll be over soon."
To wish for something like this as a New Years resolution, though. What a waste of a wish. Couldve wished for something better.
...Mason mentioned that he was going to the Lake Kingdom to convey Fernandezs intentions to the Demon King.
And those intentions were nothing short of humanitys complete surrender to the monsters.
Fernandez was even willing to become the Emperor to declare it...
The more I thought about it, the more absurd it seemed. Beyond bizarre, it was inconceivable.
It was a train of thought no sane human could follow.
Why on Earth is Fernandez doing this? On what grounds? For what reason?
Guess the only way to find out was to meet Fernandez and ask him directly. It wasnt something we could deal with right away...
Then we saw our final party member, Evangeline. Visibly flustered, she reluctantly answered.
"...I wished to be taller."
"What?"
"Oh, I mean, I wished for an increase in height!"
Ah.
So thats what it was...
We all nodded, understanding her wish. Evangeline blushed and got annoyed.
"What! You think theres something wrong with wanting to be taller?! You think my wish is ridiculous?!"
"No, no one said that..."
No one had the right to mock someone elses wish.
I patted Evangelines head reassuringly.
"Dont worry, youll grow taller eventually. The Prince guarantees it."
You might even look back on these times and miss how small and cute you were.
Evangeline, dissatisfied with my consolation, shot Lucas a glance.
"So, will I be taller than Lucas someday?"
"Uh? Um... that might be a stretch..."
Would you really want to be as tall as him? Hes a giant.
Lucas chuckled at the conversation, and Evangeline couldnt help but pounce at him to bite him.
Guys, were in a temple. Lets keep it down.
Stepping out into the courtyard, the place was bustling in its own way.
Various stalls were set up, fortune tellers among them, loudly promoting their services.
"Come on, come on! Pick a fortune slip and test your luck for the new year!"
They were giving out a fortune slip for every donation made.
I distributed New Years money to the party members. There you go. Use it for snacks, donations, and whatever else you like.
"Alright, lets try our luck for the new year, shall we?"
I walked toward the donation boxes, and one in particular was causing quite the commotion. People huddled around it were continuously groaning and sighing. Whats going on?
Getting closer, I saw...
"Love fortune... Hopeless."
Sheesh!
...A woman with shimmering hair tearing her fortune slip in half. Serenade.
Tossing the torn slip onto the ground, Serenade pulled out a gold coin from her purse with a cheerful face.
"One more, please."
"Ye, yes, here, here you go..."
The priest in charge of the donation box hesitantly extended a container filled with slips of paper, and Serenade picked another one to read.
"Love fortune... Dont get your hopes up..."
Rip!
Another torn fortune paper rolled on the ground.
Upon closer inspection, there were numerous torn fortune papers around Serenades feet... Wait, was she doing fortune re-rolls until she got something she liked? Is that even okay?
"Love fortune... Unrequited love is painful... Ah."
Once again, a fortune paper was torn, revealing an unfavorable result. The onlookers also let out a collective sigh, sharing in the discomfort.
Hiding behind and watching the scene, I caught Damiens eye.
"...Are fortune papers usually filled with such unfavorable sayings?"
"No, considering the overall ratio, its less than 1%... How is it that Lady Serenade only picks such fortunes?"
Well... either her luck with draws is bad, or her love fortune is bad...
"Huh?"
At that moment, as Serenade was flipping her hair, our eyes met.
"Ah, Ahhh! Your Highness the Crown Prince?!"
Startled, Serenade quickly kicked away the accumulated fortune papers on the ground and rushed to stand before me, her face flushed.
"Did Your Highness also come to make a wish to the Goddess?"
"Yeah, its the New Year... What about you, Serenade?"
"Hehe. Yes. If not now, when else could I shamelessly ask the Goddess for my desires?"
Right? Youre here to make a wish, not for fortune gacha?
As I moved towards the donation box, Serenade quickly kicked away the remaining fortune papers on the ground and asked,
"Ahem! Does Your Highness also intend to have your fortune read?"
"Um~ Ill make a donation, but I dont plan to read any fortunes."
I pulled out a pouch of gold coins from within my robe and grinned.
"Destiny is something we carve out ourselves, right? I think our willpower is more important than any fortune."
"..."
Serenade, who had looked stunned for a moment, soon broke into a bright smile.
"Yes, Your Highness is correct. Whats important is my own heart, not some fortune...!"
I swallowed back a tiny tear internally.
I actually enjoy this sort of culture where you read fortunes for fun, but I threw out those lines on purpose to console Serenade. Thankfully, it seemed to have worked.
Having completed our donations, we both left the temple.
"By the way, this worked out well. I was planning to visit your residence later."
Serenade, who was smiling at the temple entrance, pulled something out of her robe and handed it to me.
"Its a New Years gift, Your Highness. Please accept it."
"Huh? Whats this?"
It was a glass sphere. Inside, it was filled with soil and clear, glistening water, and at the center, a piece of blue coral was visible.
"Its called a Terrarium. Think of it as a kind of pot for growing that blue coral."
"Blue coral?"
"Yes, its a fragment of the blue coral that the merfolk treasure... We were fortunate enough for our Merchant Guild to obtain one recently."
The blue coral inside the small terrarium was beautiful, even emitting a faint glow.
"It is said to bring good luck to its owner. Among the merfolk, its customary to gift this coral before setting sail."
"Ho."
"It glows brightly in the depths of the ocean, serving as a beacon for the merfolk."
Serenade smiled warmly. Her silver eyes rounded in delight.
"I wish you all the fortune in the world on your journey this year, Your Highness."
"Thanks, Serenade. Ill take good care of it."
Just minutes after rejecting the idea of fortunes, I readily accepted a good-luck charm. A bit contradictory, but hey, whats good is good.
Holding the terrarium in my arms, I awkwardly scratched the back of my head.
"What should I do? I dont have anything prepared..."
"If you could treasure the gift this lady has given you, that would be a great gift."
Serenade, standing in front of her carriage, slightly bowed her waist.
"Then, I shall take my leave. Happy New Year, Your Highness."
"May you have a blessed year as well, Serenade. I wish you happiness."
The people from the Silver Winter Merchant Guild who had been waiting in the carriage started the carriage with exclamations like, Why are you so late, my Lady! Do you know how much work has been piled up?!
Serenade was dragged away, frantically waving her hand out the window.
Busy from the first day of the New Year, huh? Or maybe its busy because its the first day of the New Year.
After watching the busy temple folks and the busy Merchant Guild people in turns, I looked around at our not-so-busy party members and chuckled.
"Well, should we lie down and take it easy for a bit?"
After all, its a national rule to take a nap on a warm floor on New Years afternoon!
***
When we returned to the Lords mansion, it was still before lunch.
All the party members had disbanded, and now I could relax and roll around until the afternoon.
Before taking a break...
Carrying the terrarium in my arms, I headed towards Aiders room. There were various things I wanted to ask.
"Hey~ Aider, you there?"
As I opened the door and stepped in, Aider was seen sitting in a chair, lost in thought.
"Ah, my Lord! Youve arrived!"
Aiders response came with a slight delay. Whats up with him? It was as if he was buffering lag.
"I came to ask about the Goddess religion."
The first time I met him, Aider introduced himself as an almost god-like entity.
He wasnt very trustworthy, but he did seem to possess some kind of transcendental ability.
So wouldnt he know about the Goddess as well? Thats what I wanted to ask him.
"Ah, youve come at just the right time! I was actually going to talk to you about a Goddess-related issue!"
"Huh?"
"[Gardis Blessing]! Remember, I told you I would add it as a concept to counter the [Dark Event]!"
I recalled Aider mentioning [Gardis Blessing] in the past.
As the name suggests, a blessing from the Goddess.
A feature where once per stage, you can cast a buff on an ally by using achievement points.
Since we were helplessly succumbing to the monsters [Dark Event], he had said he would add it as a counter-concept.
With a triumphant expression, Aider puffed out his chest and declared confidently.
"Its been completed! You can apply it starting from this defense battle!"
 
 



Chapter 347

[Gardis Blessing] fell into two distinct categories.
One side was simple buffs. 
Boosting the overall stats of allies, or sharply increasing specific stats like physical or magical defense.
The other side was special buffs. These were closer to special abilities than typical buffs. 
Making a specific party tireless for an hour, increasing the firepower of ally cannons by 1.5 times, raising the chance of item drops, or boosting the hostility of allies toward a specific monster race...
"What a variety," I muttered in amazement as I skimmed through the list. They all looked tempting. The downside was that only one could be activated at a time.
"Why add such a great feature just now...! What a lazy director!"
"I-I worked hard on it too, you know... A little praise would be nice..."
Fine. Better late than never. Forget the past and focus on the future.
"So, when can these be activated?"
"Thats entirely up to you, Lord."
"So they can be used during a defensive battle?"
"Yes, just keep in mind that its limited to once per stage."
So I can delay activation until I see how the enemies line up. I should save it for a critical moment, then.
"By the way, this Goddess. She actually exists? She even bestows these blessings."
"Of course she exists. Shes my coworker, actually."
That didnt sound like something a deity would say.
What? Coworker?
"Shes sort of the guardian deity of humanity. She doesnt have a direct conduit to wield her power in this world, so she works through me."
"Sort of? What do you mean?"
"Well... She hasnt been enshrined as a deity for very long."
"...?"
What was that supposed to mean?
"In this world, a representative deity is chosen for each race," Aider began to explain calmly.
"There are various cases. Usually, it happens when the members of a race unanimously recognize someone as their representative. So, most deities are the progenitors of their races."
So the gods my father is fighting in the spirit realm... Are they the progenitors of their respective races?
"Sometimes, in rare cases, if a race has no progenitor deity, a great individual who saved the race from peril is posthumously made a deity. Of course, the consent of many members of the race is required."Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com
"And the Goddess is...?"
"Yes, she falls into this category. She saved humanity hundreds of years ago."
Seems like she did something historically significant. But, is a few hundred years considered short by divine standards?
"...And in very rare cases, if a race is extinct and only one member remains in the world."
Aider explained the last case with a dry laugh.
"That last member also has a chance to attain divinity. Its a strange concept, like a last-ditch effort or a conservation measure for endangered species."
...
I swallowed my words.
So Aider, you, who introduced yourself as a god, which of these three categories do you fall under...?
"Anyway, you can consider the Goddess to be on our side."
Aider spread his arms wide as he spoke.
"She also wishes for the true ending. Perhaps as much as we do."
...
I didnt know anything about gods and whatever happened in the heavens. All I cared about was that she was helping us strategize.
"Tell the Goddess for me. Ill gladly accept her blessing as a New Years gift."
I grinned.
"And wish her lots of New Year blessings too."
For a moment, Aider looked surprised but then broke into a wide smile.
"Shell really like it. Ill make sure to pass it on."
We continued to chat about various topics afterward.
Particularly, the conversation often turned to Prince Fernandez. Naturally, since a special forces unit had just invaded Crossroad.
"What is Fernandez trying to achieve? Do you know anything?"
"Fernandez is a mystery to me as well. He has always acted with the ambition to become the Emperor, even instigating rebellions... but this time feels a little different."
According to Aider, despite countless game resets and repetitions, this was the first time Fernandez had dispatched a special forces unit to convey surrender intentions to the Demon King.
With a serious look on his face, Aider stroked his chin and hummed in thought.
"Ive never experienced a game like this one, where unforeseen variables are popping up like an avalanche. Nothing can be easily predicted."
One thing was for certain.
Eventually, I would have to settle the score with Fernandez on the path to the true ending.
I wished that Larks line could take care of Fernandez for me... but a hunch told me it wouldnt be that simple.
The civil war between the two princes was reportedly at a stalemate.
After discussing a few more topics related to city management, I finally showed Aider the terrarium I had brought.
"And Aider, this is the blue coral I received as a gift today."
"Ooh, blue coral? Youve received something valuable."
"Do you know how to take care of it? Im a novice in this area."
"Blue coral can thrive on photosynthesis alone, and it seems like theres some sort of maintenance magic on this terrarium."
Aider nodded his head.
"Ill occasionally change the water and feed it as well. Leave it to me."
It eats food?
I didnt know much about the ecology of coral, but since Aider seemed knowledgeable, I decided to entrust it to him.
"Alright. Ill keep it in my room, so please take care of it."
Ill observe what Aider does and then try my hand at it later. After all, it was a gift from Serenade, so I should take care of it myself.
"Ah, and also."
Suddenly remembering something, I added a request to Aider.
"Can you pack some of the New Years stew we had this morning?"
Aider tilted his head in confusion.
"Pack it?"
***
Later in the afternoon, after lunch.
Lake Kingdom Dungeon. Base Camp.
"Happy New Year~!"
Holding a package of food, I burst into the camp.
As soon as I set the food down next to the campfire in the middle of the base, people began to gather one by one.
Kellibey, sniffing the air, approached and opened the pots lid, exclaiming in delight.
"Ooh! Whats this, young prince?"
"Today is the first day of the New Year according to the human calendar. So, I brought some New Years food."
"Heh heh, has it been that long already?"
"Of course, Ive also brought alcohol. Want a glass?"
"Absolutely! Hand it over."
Starting with Kellibey, I distributed food and drink to everyone.
When I mentioned that Id be bringing the stew to the base camp, Aider prepared a whole new pot. Thanks to that, there was plenty to go around.
"Lord Ash! Hello!"
As Verdandi and the Holy Grail Seekers greeted me, I handed them something else Id brought.
"Here, Verdandi. You guys can... also have this."
"Oh my, what is this?"
"Its pie with sunflower seeds and dried fruit. Lilly baked it."
It was something Lilly had given to Godhand to bake, and when I mentioned that I was heading to the base camp, Godhand gave one to me.
Lilly had apparently baked plenty, including enough for the Holy Grail Seekers.
"Woah! Sunflower seed pie!"
If it were just sunflower seeds, the five elves who couldnt afford to be picky happily flapped their ears(!) and eagerly accepted the pies.
"Enjoy... I feel awkward asking for a favor in return, but could I?"
Verdandi, who couldnt resist and was munching on the pie, looked up in surprise.
"Of course! Just say the word!"
"... A human has entered the Lake Kingdom."
I explained Masons appearance to her.
"Id like to put a bounty on this human. If you find him, capture him alive if possible... and if not, it would still be great if you could take him down."
Wanted: Dead or Alive.
As I spoke gravely, Verdandi also nodded with a serious face. Her cheeks were still puffed out from the pie. What, is she a squirrel?
"Understood. Ill look within our search range... nom nom."
I also distributed food and drinks to various residents of the base camp whom I had gotten to know, and informed them of the bounty on Mason.
Everyone cheerfully nodded in agreement.
After also giving a bottle of new wine to Coco the Severer of the Penal Squad,
I figured I had finished what needed to be done at the base camp and once again stepped into the teleport gate.
My destination was Sector 5, [The Flaming Colosseum].
Flash!
Upon arrival, the lively sound of a hammer striking stone resonated. Tap tap tap...
I saw a muscular man busily engaged in reconstruction work on a collapsed wall of the Colosseum. I called out his name.
"Jackal!"
The surprised man looked back at me. Beneath the stern Jackal mask, his mouth curved into a pleased smile.
"Your Highness!"
Jackal was the NPC boss of this Colosseum.
He had been guarding the base camp for a while but had recently returned here to begin the reconstruction.
"What brings you all the way here!"
I opened the pot I had brought with me to show Jackal.
"Youve been working hard. Have some stew. Its New Years outside, so I brought some New Years stew."
"Wow, its been ages since Ive had something like this... Thank you, Your Highness! Ill enjoy it."
Jackal, apparently very hungry, began to gobble up the stew straight from the hot pot with a ladle. Its good to see him eat well.
"But where did your minions go?"
I looked around the empty construction site and mumbled in confusion.
Jackal had returned here because his monster minions had also returned.
Thats why they were able to start the reconstruction, but now it was completely empty.
The last time I saw, dozens of goblins were also hammering away, but now the walls were deserted.
"Well... they were here until a few days ago."
Jackal tore off a piece of the bread I had brought, soaked it in the stew and stuffed it into his mouth, then answered while munching.
"The Goblin God-King issued a summons, so... they all left."
"God King? Whos that?"
"The Goblin God King, Kali-Alexander. Hes a god and king to the goblins."
"Ah, the Goblin God-King!"
I snapped my fingers as it clicked in my mind.
God King means that someone is both a God and a King.
Thats why the Goblin God King was mocked by players as the King Goblin.
He had an impressive name, but he was the weakest among all boss entities, making him even more of a joke.
It was so bad that when this boss appeared in a boss stage, it was considered a breeze.
So this stage involves goblins? This is good. Itll be easy.
The boss is weak, and goblins generally rely on sheer numbers, but games have limitations in rendering such numbers, so its usually only two or three times another army.
But because the individual goblins are the weakest entities,
A stage involving a goblin army was essentially a breather level in the game.
Unknowingly, I felt relieved and my face brightened up. Thats when Jackals expression hardened.
"Your Highness, you dont consider the Goblin God-King to be an easy opponent, do you?"
"Huh?"
Did I show it that much? I quickly straightened my face.
"You must never let your guard down. He is among the legendary monsters of this place who has inflicted the most damage on humans."
Jackal earnestly explained about the Goblin God-King.
"Kali-Alexander. His name is Alexander, and the prefix Kali- is what the goblins add to the name of the god they worship."
Hmm, gods appear in this world too.
"To give such a title to a living king shows just how legendary he is among the goblins, dont you think?"
"Is he that remarkable?"
"He is the king who led the Great Goblin Invasion, which swallowed up the entire western continentabout a third of the world. The damage was so extensive that they say the western continent still hasnt recovered from it."
 
 



Chapter 348

"He was the king who commanded the Great Goblin Invasion that engulfed the entire western continent, one-third of the world. The damage inflicted at that time was so extensive that even now, the western part of the continent hasnt fully recovered."
The Bringar Duchy spanned from the center of the continent to the west. Further west of this area, there were several small city-states in a desert region.
The reason why the western part of the continent was so barren was due to those goblins.
In the game, they werent that strong...
Honestly, I was baffled. I never thought Jackal would get this serious talking about goblins, which I used to consider more like a bonus stage.
"Normally, goblins arent intelligent and are physically weak. Theyre just feeble creatures that swarm together. But under this King, things were different."
"How so?"
"He gathered goblins scattered across the continent, formed an army, and commanded them systematically. He equipped them and trained them well. And then he started a campaign of conquest."
Jackal explained while swallowing hard.
"That cunning mercenary tactic led to the fall of numerous other dynasties. Even though the kingdoms of the western continent were said to be at the forefront of magical civilization, they were easily swept away. Over ten kingdoms collapsed during that time."
"..."
"Fortunately, assassins from the coalition forces barely managed to assassinate the King. With no successor, the Goblin Kings army disintegrated... although the situation had already turned the west into a wasteland."
So, this same king had been resurrected in the Lake Kingdom.
And now, he was preparing to invade human territories again in this boss stage...
...Jackals right. I cant be careless.
It doesnt matter how formidable an enemy he really is. Just because it was easy in the game, my guard started to drop. Get a grip, me!Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com
Didnt I pray this morning at the temple, asking that no one would die?
To make sure that happens, I must stay alert. Always...!
"By the way, you seem to know a lot about this. Its all old history, isnt it?"
"Im from the west... People there still tremble at the mention of the Goblin King. Even crying babies stop when they hear his name."
Jackal explained with a sigh, looking up at his own Colosseum.
"Anyway, all my subordinate goblins have joined the Goblin King, so restoring this place has been delayed... I wonder when Ill ever finish the reconstruction by myself."
"..."
Hearing this, I couldnt help but grin.
We still had some time before the next defense stage. Maybe I could lend a hand here in the meantime.
"Hey Jackal, if I help restore your Colosseum, will you assist me in the upcoming defense?"
At that, Jackal kneeled before me with a solemn face.
"Your Highness, I am already your servant. If you require my assistance, you have itunconditionally! Just command me!"
"Of course, I will. But the role I need you for is to be the master of this Colosseum..."
Rising from my seat, I looked at the flag in the center of the Colosseum, which sadly displayed Jackals face.
"Lets just replace that flag with mine."
Looks like Ive figured out where to use my next [Imperial Edict].
***
Since I was already in the dungeon, I visited the previously conquered Zone 1 [The Dried Sewer]. 
Resources regenerate in a conquered dungeon, collected at the end of every stage.
And those resources were:
[Zone 1 The Dried Sewer Occupation Reward]
- N-Grade Reward Box: 1
For example,
This is a random box...
Once the area was captured and farming was no longer possible, dungeon exploration clear rewards were freely provided at the end of each stage.
In some specific zones, unique materials and consumables might be generated, but in a featureless area like Zone 1, it simply spat out random boxes.
After retrieving the gray N-grade box that had appeared in what was originally the boss room, I grimaced. A fitting reward for Zone 1, indeed.
Well, in the long run, capturing multiple areas to farm additional boxes at the end of each stage is a good thing... but it ultimately means more randomness.
I just realized, Ive been accumulating these boxes.
I had been collecting the reward boxes from Stage 11 onwards without opening them. I figured it was time to clear them all out.
I juggled the boxes in my hands as I took the teleport gate back to my mansion. Considering its a holiday, Im working quite hard, arent I?
Flash!
As soon as I returned to the mansion, I went back to my room and dumped all the collected reward boxes onto my bed.
N-grade a few, R-grade about 20... and SR-grade 3...
I could just open them all, but this time, I had a different idea. I opened the system window and accessed the Achievement Store.
Aider had recently updated the Achievement Store, adding a new feature among others that I was planning to use.
That feature was
[Reward Box Synthesizer]
Thats it!
Its a function that combines lower-grade reward boxes into the next grade up.
The formula is as follows.
> Combine 10 N-grade boxes 1 R-grade box
> 
> Combine 10 R-grade boxes 1 SR-grade box
> 
> Combine 5 SR-grade boxes 1 SSR-grade box
Actually, if you look at the efficiency, its a waste... but now that the game has stabilized to some extent, its better to aim for high-grade equipment through synthesis rather than collecting useless consumables or equipment by opening N and R-grade boxes.
It was a feature supported in the game too.
Even if Im short on boxes, I could make up the points with magic materials for the synthesis.
A gamble within a gamble, as it were. I despised the randomness, but my viewers loved it...
Ding!
After spending my achievement points to purchase the feature, I began the actual process of combining boxes.
I combined the N-grade and R-grade boxes, and even poured in some magic materials to make up for the shortfall... Ultimately, I combined them into two SR-grade boxes.
Flash!
With a purple flash, the gray and blue boxes disappeared, leaving two purple boxes rolling on the floor. Hmm, not bad.
If I combine them with the three I already had, that makes five SR-grade boxes... this is enough to aim for a jackpot.
Five purple boxes!
Ill surely get something useful. I reached out to open the boxes...
"..."
...but then I hesitated, taking another glance at the Reward Box Synthesizers formula.
> Combine 5 SR-grade boxes 1 SSR-grade box
"..."
No.
No, no. Thats not it.
Thats utterly inefficient. Id be a fool to fall for that.
Come on, RetroAddict! How many times did you try that in the game only to get crap items? Its even nicknamed Reward Fireworks! Your rewards are going up in flames!
Dont get fooled! Dont get fooled! Don
Ding!
"Gah?!"
But my hand had moved of its own accord, shoving all five purple boxes into the synthesizer. Stop! Stop!
Rumble.
"...Ah."
I did it. I actually did it.
I stared at the golden box clenched in my hand, my mouth slightly ajar.
Its okay, something good will come out. The odds of getting a dud among SSRs are almost none, right?
Going for the sure thing! Im definitely not addicted to gacha!
Swallowing my dry spit, I excitedly opened the box.
"Did I get a cheat item?!"
What emerged with a dazzling golden effect was:
[Fragment of the Great Commanders Flag] (3/5)
- One of the five pieces for character Ashs exclusive equipment [Great Commanders Flag (EX)].
  
- Combine all five pieces to complete the flag.
It was just a fragment of a flag...
"..."
Flutter flutter.
The torn flag fragment asserted its presence as it fluttered inside the box. It was an inanimate object, but I wanted to destroy it.
"Still... its... accumulating somehow..."
I muttered through gritted teeth.
The culmination of all the blood, sweat, and tears gathered from Stage 11 to 14... The culmination of our friendship, effort, and labor... was a flag fragment I couldnt even use right away!
The completed item better have game-changing effects. If not, Aider is dead.
I mentally threatened the morally corrupt director and tossed the flag fragment into my inventory.
Anyway, its the third piece. Just two more and Ill have my own exclusive equipment.
Lets think positively, positively...
...Ill have to go on a shopping spree at the blacksmiths tomorrow.
Ill have to splurge on equipment tomorrow to heal todays emotional wounds...
***
Was it the hearty New Years stew I had? Or maybe it was because I received an abundance of blessings at the temple? Or perhaps, it was because I finally got some fresh air?
I felt refreshed as I rose from my seat the next day. My physical condition was completely fine.
I can go full throttle preparing for the next defense battle.
There was no reason to delay. I immediately started to move.
First, I stopped by the Alchemy Workshop. I was there to hasten the completion of the defense tower[Magic Turret]for which I had previously commissioned research. Fortunately, they were in the final stages.
"It should be completed today."
"Good. I plan to run a field test this afternoon, so have it ready by then."
"Yes, Your Majesty."
After receiving the Alchemy Guild Masters send-off, I left the workshop.
Next, I visited the Mercenary Guild.
Due to a previous espionage incident, they had added an extra layer of identity verification. Despite that, a large number of mercenaries were milling about, waiting for deployment.
No particularly outstanding parties stood out, but the overall quality had risen. Now R-grade heroes were more prevalent than N-grade.
I quickly scanned the list, slammed the file shut, and gave a brief command.
"Hire them all."
"Yes, My Lord. However..."
Lucas, who had followed me, trailed off, and I looked at him quizzically.
"However?"
"Were nearing capacity for our barracks. Were still okay for now, but if you continue to hire at this rate, well run out of lodging for the mercenaries."
Here in Crossroad, the facility could accommodate just over three thousand troops, and we had just crossed two thousand.
Although one might think that we still have room for another thousand, only a few stages ago, at Stage 10, we had just over one thousand troops.
Now, standing on the threshold of Stage 15, were over two thousand. It took only a few months for our numbers to double.
If this trend continues, well soon reach our maximum capacity of three thousand. Thats what Lucas was pointing out.
"Contact the Woodworking and Stonemasonry Guilds. Request additional construction for the barracks. Schedule a meeting for tomorrow to discuss it."
"So, youre planning to increase our forces further?"
"The number of monsters will only increase. Its always better to have more troops."
Money was never really an issue. The influx of monsters caused a surge in magic stone revenue, filling up the coffers nicely.
Even now, thanks to Silver Winters Merchant Guild distributing magic stones across the continent, the funds were quite substantial.
But the loss of life wasnt something that could be easily replaced.
To minimize casualties and effectively counter the monsters, it was crucial to maintain an overwhelmingly superior force. 
More than anything, we need more heroes. High-ranking heroes...
Although the number of regular soldiers had been generously replenished, there was a shortage of hero characters, especially those of SR grade or higher.
We need to build a hotel with a casino ASAP!
Once the land was prepared and the cold weather passed, the construction of the hotel would begin in earnest. Then, high-ranking mercenaries hooked on the casino would start appearing. My tourism city project, show your effectiveness soon...!
For now, I had to be content with this. I got up from my seat. It was time to hit the blacksmith and splurge on equipment.
Just as Lucas and I were about to leave the mercenary guild,
Bang!
The door to the mercenary guild swung open, and five large figures staggered in.
Clad in hefty armor, their bodies were wrapped in bandages like mummies, visible through the gaps in their armor.
Their faces were either wrapped in bandages, hidden under robes or hoods, or concealed by overturned helmets.
A mixture of herbal and sickly odors emanated from them. Recognizing who they were, the mercenaries inside the guild recoiled in horror.
"Eek?!"
"Those are the Leprosy Extermination Squad!"
"Why are these monsters here?!"
While other mercenaries distanced themselves as if they had seen something horrifying, Lucas too seemed quite guarded. 
But I felt the opposite.
My eyes sparkled involuntarily, and a joyful shiver ran down my spine. 
Holy moly, what a New Years blessing!
It seemed like I was off to a very lucky start this year.
No wonder.
Flicker, flicker.
Behind these ominous and dangerous-looking five, a beautiful purple light was flashing.
These guys, theyre all SR-grade mercenaries!
Overwhelmed with joy, I couldnt help but spread my arms and exclaim,
"Welcome to Crossroad!"
"...?"
The five giants seemed puzzled by my reaction, freezing in place as they stepped inside.
 
 



Chapter 349

Leprosy Extermination Squad.
This mercenary group was entirely composed of individuals suffering from leprosy, earning their reputation for ruthlessly pursuing and assassinating their contracted targets. 
They were also notorious for their relentlessness in securing their payment.
Given the rough-and-tumble nature of the mercenary world, there were often clients who tried to delay or skip out on payment. The squad had gained fame for relentlessly pursuing such clients to ensure they paid their dues.
Hence, their nickname: The Leprosy Extermination Squad.
Why did I know them so well?
Because they were one of my main frontline parties in the game!
Being a gamer who cared more about performance than appearances, I had made good use of the squad. They were unpopular due to their disfigured looks, but they were capable fighters. 
All members had the [Leprosy] attribute, which dulled their sense of pain and helped them absorb damage better. On the downside, their agility stats suffered penalties, and they were more susceptible to status conditions like burns, frostbite, and bleeding.
But as tanks, their slow pace didnt bother me, and status conditions could be managed easily in-game. I would just admit them to a shrine for treatment once the battle was over.
Moreover, they were well-suited to tanking and their skill set was heavily focused on tanking and self-healing.
They were dependable allies who could be tossed into the enemys stronghold and last all day while drawing aggro.
"Welcome to Crossroad!"
As the SR-grade high-performance party made their appearance, I spread my arms wide to greet them.
"Come on in, mercenary friends! Nice to meet you!"
"...?"
As I welcomed them, the five members of the Leprosy Extermination Squad looked visibly confused. 
The man in the helmet, who seemed to be their leader, stepped forward. 
"Weve heard... theres a lot of work here... Were confident in fighting..."
"Whoa, there!"
"Wh-what?!"
Both the Leprosy Extermination Squad and the mercenaries who had been watching were shocked. 
Ignoring their surprise, I led the squad into a room within the Mercenary Guild.
"Lets get to signing the contract. We can negotiate your salary too. Come on, this way."
The leader of the Leprosy Extermination Squad, a man named Thorcel, seemed overwhelmed by the situation but clearly stated their expected payment. 
I offered them 30% more than what they asked for and added bonuses, with the condition that they would serve on this frontline for at least one year.
"Of course, you can extend your contract if you wish! Your terms of employment will remain the same or improve. What do you think?"
"..."
"The salary is weekly, and advances are possible if you need urgent funds. Any more questions?"
Staring at the contract, Thorcel hesitated.
"Its too good to be... Are you sure this is okay?"
"Of course it is! You guys are worth it."
Thorcel, whose hand was wrapped in bandages, skimmed through the contract and glanced at me.
"We are... lepers. Arent you repulsed?"
"Why should I be? Its not contagious."
Wait, is leprosy different in this world? Is it actually contagious?
Feeling slightly alarmed, I saw Thorcel slowly shake his head.
"As you said, Sire. Our condition is not contagious. Its just that people find us revolting, and there are foul rumors that we are cursed by the Plague God..."
"Just rumors, right?"
"Yet those alone are enough to make people avoid us."
"Who cares? Im not planning on living with you."
All I needed was their combat capability. As Ive said before, I prioritize performance over looks.
The reason I welcomed different races to this frontline was the same.
If you killed monsters well and didnt break military law, it didnt matter if you had a long tail, were covered in fur, or had leprosy.
"..."
An oppressive silence flowed through the ranks of the Leprosy Extermination Squad. I blinked my eyes. Had I said something wrong?
"...Thank you, Your Highness."
Thorcel, who stood right before me, slowly bowed.
"We will serve you loyally until our worn bodies are no more."
Following him, the rest of the members of the Leprosy Extermination Squad also bowed to me. I smiled lightly and waved my hand.
"Of course, loyalty is good and all, but I dont expect anything grand. Just do the work equivalent to what youre paid for! Thats what mercenaries do, right?"
"...Yes, Your Highness."
Thorcel nodded gravely.
"We will work for what we are paid. Just give us your orders."
"Be on standby. Ill call you up soon."
Finishing the contract, I left the Mercenary Guild. The Leprosy Extermination Squad followed me out and bowed until I was out of sight.
"The Lord is truly informal in various ways."
Having climbed onto the drivers seat of the carriage I was in, Lucas muttered.
"Its the first time Ive seen a member of the Imperial Family treating people with leprosy so openly. Even priests who treat them arent so casual."
"The treatment of leprosy patients is that bad?"
"Its widely believed that leprosy is the punishment for sins committed in a past life against the Goddess. Although the Church doesnt officially acknowledge it, thats the general sentiment."
There were religious reasons too. And they were physically hideous. They faced persecution for multiple reasons.
"But those guys, they have enough skill. Theyll prove it in the field. I dont care about appearances."
"But your soldiers will."
Lucas spoke as he started the carriage.
"For their sake, Ill arrange for separate quarters outside the barracks."
"..."
Right. Regardless of my views, the reality of discrimination still exists. Its not something that would go away just because a Lord orders it.
Even the Shadow Squad, which consists of Elves, and the Penal Squad of Beastmen have their accommodations outside the barracks.
It would be better for the Leprosy Extermination Squad to have their quarters set up separately as well.
As more and more different people from across the continent come flooding in...
Could I really integrate them into a single army?
In a world entangled with prejudice and vested interests, could everyone be united as one?
"Lets go!"
I was lost in thought, and Lucas skillfully drove the carriage. The blacksmith was not far away.
***
Having ordered various equipment from the blacksmith, I convened three parties in the afternoon and entered a dungeon. They were the Main Party, the Penal Squad, and the Dragonblood Knights.
"Ive been restless from resting too much!"
Leading her fully armed knights at the front, Dusk Bringar broadly smiled.
Joyful laughter spilled from between her pointed teeth.
"Where are we going today? Is it a new dungeon again? Judging by the mobilization, it seems to be a tough place?"
"Haha, youll see when you get there."
Seeing is believing. Theyll understand once they experience the siege.
"Ah~ I always get restless around this time."
Kuilan and the Penal Squad were scratching themselves while following in the rear.
The Penal Squad had just entered their Beastman mode.
Starting with reddish fur sprouting in human mode. They may receive a bit less of the Beastman stat bonus, but this level is more than sufficient.
The most significant part is that Kuilans negative trait [Fragile Body] is nullified in Beastman mode.
If I had to pick the top 3 combat powers among the hero parties I owned, it would be these three.
Today would be sufficient for carrying out the operation.
At that time, Junior, one of the main party members who had been whispering among themselves, cautiously approached me.
"Are you planning to initiate another conquest, Your Majesty?"
"Yes."
"You collapsed last time after pushing yourself too hard... Are you sure youll be alright?"
"Dont worry, dont worry. Ive really adjusted now."
This would be the third time using [Imperial Edict].
I could feel my body gradually getting used to it.
Its not completely without strain, but just like muscle fibers tearing and growing stronger, abusing my internal magic power seemed to expand my limits.
The Dragon Heart that Nameless fed me definitely has an effect.
The electric shock pad... no, the Dragon Heart is lending me strength, specifically when using [Imperial Edict].
All in all, I felt that both the Imperial Edict and conquests were becoming more manageable. If I plan to take over all the dungeons, it needs to be manageable.
Anyway, why was it a Dragon Heart?
I thought about it while casually rubbing my belly.
Why did Nameless feed me a Dragon Heart? Was it the most effective magic enhancer? Or was there another reason...?
Upon arriving at the Colosseum, Jackal was waiting.
"Your Majesty!"
Jackal ran towards me barefoot, and I greeted him with a warm smile and a wave.
The plan that Jackal and I agreed upon was as follows:
First, we would take over this [Fiery Colosseum]. That would stop monsters from invading the area.
Here, Jackal would use his abilities to raise his own legion.
Jackals unique trait, [Colosseum Operator].
Simply put, its a Monster Taming ability.
My second skill [Become Mine!] was somewhat different; while I enforced mental control, Jackal employed gladiators by bonding with the monsters. Its more like kidnapping, but anyway...
This way, we could safely raise a legion of monsters who would fight for us.
Jackal was a corrupted NPC who had dipped his feet into the darkness here. Its a trait he could use because of that.
Hes obedient to me solely out of loyalty to the Empire, despite being swallowed by darkness and reaching a dungeon boss level... quite the unique character.
I felt slightly amused watching Jackal explain the operation plan to the party members on my behalf.
Could I have him live in the Empire once we conquer all the dungeons and see the true ending?
...Lots of stray thoughts today.
I snapped back to focus and pulled out a flag. It was a new one, crafted recently at the blacksmiths.
During the last Aegis Special Forces infiltration incident, I found that I could use [Imperial Edict] even with a crude white flag. No need to carry a big flag around.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience
I brought a small, cute, and foldable flagpole. The flag itself was the Imperial flag.
Ill have to create a new flag that symbolizes this monster frontline.
What should the design be? Should I hold a design contest? With these thoughts, I planted the flag in the middle of the Colosseum.
"Declare this land as the territory of the Empire!"
The moment the flagpole touched the ground,
Flash!
A burst of light emerged, and the magic power drained from my body expanded in a broad circle.
The presence of the Dragon Heart inside me felt distinct now.
The fragments of the Dragon Heart circulating in my bloodstream clustered together, emitting a searing heat and spun several times along my mana route.
Screech!
Uh, is this functioning correctly? I dont have a certificate in this sort of thing...
Fortunately, aside from feeling warm all over, there was no issue. And [Imperial Edict] was cast smoothly.
Roar!
The air stilled, and there stood a familiar gray fortress imbued with magical energy. 
Its outer walls were fused with those of the Colosseum, making it appear much sturdier than usual. Today, the fortress would be the site of a Territory Capture Battle.
[The Territory Capture Battle will begin soon.]
- Time until start: 5 minutes
[Territory Capture Battle - Zone 5: The Fiery Colosseum]
- Defend against three waves of monsters to win.
  
- Monster waves will be randomly selected from the nearest monster legions.
  
- Each wave will include a boss-level monster.
The rules were the same as last timethree waves of monsters, each wave including a boss. 
I clapped my hands and looked around at my party members. Aside from those in the main party, the others seemed bewildered by the suddenly erected fortifications. 
"Alright, everyone knows the drill, right? Monsters will be swarming us soon, so get ready for battle!"
At my shout, everyone immediately went to their designated defense zones and began making preparations. 
Everyone knew it was more important to get ready for the impending fight than to ponder mysteries.
As I surveyed the neatly arranged heroes, I mused to myself.
Even though weve got the top 3 parties in terms of combat power, combining them doesnt yield great synergy.
Our main party had a balanced composition of a pure tank, damage tank, sniper, mage, and me, Ash. The Penal Squad was all front-line characters, as were the Dragonblood Knightsa composition of four knights and a half-human, half-dragon damage tank.
Combining all these parties resulted in a somewhat unbalanced, heavily front-loaded, melee-focused group.
Strong, yes, but it would have been better to add a back-row damage-dealing party.
Just as I was pondering this,
"Ash, do you have that thing...inside you?"
I heard Dusk Bringars trembling voice.
"What? Uh!"
Dusk Bringar was not in her battle formation but had come over to stand beside me, staring at me with a shocked expression. 
I involuntarily gulped.
Did she find out that I ate the heart of one of her kind for a power boost?
As I quickly sorted through potential excuses,
"Is that a da"
Thump! Thump! Thump!
The earth trembled, cutting off Dusk Bringars words. 
A haze of dust announced the arrival of the advancing monster legions.
"Your Highness! Our defensive area is broad. Come this way!"
A shout from the Dragonblood Knights summoned Dusk Bringar.
"..."
With a pale face, Dusk Bringar shot me a glance, pressed her lips together, and ran off to meet the oncoming monsters.
"Phew!"
I exhaled in relief. Close call. But what will I say if she asks later?
Just then,
"Huh?"
I caught sight of an unusually shaped monster at the forefront of the approaching monster legion. 
Clippity-clop, clippity-clop
A goblin of large stature was riding what looked like a mountain goat adorned with sharp horns. 
Covered in leather armor, wearing a golden cape fluttered by the dust, and a strange helmet that seemed like a mix between a mask and a crown.
"..."
The goblin leading the army pulled the reins, stopping his goat a considerable distance from the magical fortress. 
He lifted his masked face and looked our way.
Our eyes met. 
Amidst the chaos of the battlefield, an eerie silence hung between us.
"..."
"..."
I knew it instinctively.
This guy was the nightmare legion commander I would have to face in this defense battle. 
The Goblin God-King, Kali-Alexander.
 
 



Chapter 350

Whoooom!
The horn sounded,
Dong! Dong! Dong! Dong!
The rhythmic beats of leather drums resonated.
Through the swirling clouds of dust, the orderly advancing monsters were green-skinned.
Green Skin.
This derogatory term used for lumping Orcs and Goblins together also simultaneously carried an aura of dread.
For the average citizen living in this world, these frequently appearing monsters were the closest form of disaster.
Locust swarms, tsunamis, plagues, and forest fires.
The flowing green death. That was the Green Skin.
However, to be honest,
For me, who had encountered them through games in a world completely unrelated to this one, Green Skin was nothing more than the image of trash mobs.
Just early game trash mobs that are numerous in number but hardly give any decent items. Mere bundles of experience points.
However, when it became a reality, the sensation was different.
What the fuck.
I felt the cold sweat trickling down my spine as I surveyed the endlessly advancing hordes.
Why are there so many?
The number of this Goblin army standing before the Colosseum was, at the very least, around a thousand.
This is weird. Isnt this a number youd expect in the defense of Crossroad?
Who cares about numbers! Theyre just Goblins!
Each unit had the absolute lowest stats. Among all the monster armies in the game, Goblins had the worst stats and potential.
Just mow them down with AoE attacks!
I hastily scattered mana cores to build defense towers and summoned all my captured monsters.
Most importantly, right now we are the attackers, seizing the enemys territory.
If worst comes to worst, there are teleport gates and emergency escape scrolls. If things go south, we can always run.
Thump! Thump! Thump!
The Goblin army, donned in medieval Middle Eastern-style armor, finished their formation.
So thoroughly trained, not a single gap was visible among the thousand Goblins who formed ranks and stood still.
Clippity-clop, clippity-clop
A tall Goblin mounted on a mountain goat stepped forward.
Wearing leather armor, draped in a golden cloak, and wearing a helmet that was a combination of a mask and a crown.
The overlord governing the Green Skins. The Goblin God-King who enslaved Orcs.
Kali-Alexander had personally graced the battlefield.
I didnt expect to meet him this soon.
I curled the corners of my mouth upwards.
I had encountered the commanders of their armies whenever I entered dungeons with a boss stage. It was the same with Celendion and Lunared.
So I had somewhat expected that this guy would make a personal appearance this time, too.
And theres a decisive difference between the Vampire King, the Wolf King, and the Goblin God-King. Thats the strength of the boss unit.
Vampire King and Wolf King were ridiculous overbalanced monsters, nearly making up more than half of the total armys combat power.
However, the Goblin God-King is the complete opposite. His own combat power may be high for a Goblin, but it is much lower compared to other bosses.
The Goblin army solely relies on overwhelming numbers, numbers, and more numbers.
In other words
If I encounter him in the dungeon, I can definitely kill him!
Killing him now during this occupation battle would be much easier than during a defense battle! Even if their numbers arent small, its worth a shot!
"Should I snipe him, Your Highness?"
Damien whispered to me. But I shook my head.
"...He has an item that nullifies ranged attacks. Even your sniping would be ineffective."
The Goblin God-King has the weakest physical abilities of any boss monster.
However, he is armed with several good items.
Especially, his armor and cloak were absurd cheat items that made the wearer immune to all ranged and magical attacks.
Howevermelee combat was his weak point.
And most of the party members I brought this time specialized in close combat.
If we could just get close, we could slice through his armor in one breath...!
I quietly passed this information on to my party members. They nodded in agreement.
Once the battle began, Juniors area magic and Damiens sniping would clear the way.
Penal Squad, Dragonblood Knights, along with Lucas and Evangeline, would charge toward the enemy leader. The strategy was to take his head off.
Walking into your own grave! What a fool!
I licked my drying lips as I waited for the occupation battle countdown.
I had even prepared to use [Gardis Blessing] here if needed. This was a prime opportunity to easily finish this defensive battle.
Thats when it happened. Kali-Alexander stepped forward and spoke fluently.
"I did not come here to fight."
His voice was husky and weary, yet surprisingly, had a neutral beauty.
"Which among you is the guardian of humanity, the player opposing the King of Kings?"
He was asking, but Kali-Alexander was staring straight at me. He seemed to already suspect that I was that player.
"I want to talk."
"..."
"I kindly request it. Lets converse."
Ding!
A message appeared before my eyes.
[Enemy Commander Kali-Alexander has requested a Commander Meeting.]
"..."
Commander Meeting.
It was the same special gimmick I once used against Celendion in Stage 5.
A special gimmick exclusive to boss stages. Both commander characters are disabled for 10 turns. Success rate 100 percent.
Thanks to it, I was able to bind Celendion for 10 turns. Its a really good gimmick if used correctly.
By the way, I couldnt use it in Stage 10 because Lunared was too far away and the situation elsewhere was too urgent.
Who would have thought theyd initiate this...
In disbelief, I let out a hollow laugh.
I didnt realize when I used it against Celendion.
"...Fine, I accept."
This is so damn annoying!
I had the enemy boss in kill range, and suddenly we cant touch each other for 10 turns while we talk. And you cant even refuse it.
Whether this is the manners of this world, or some kind of romance, it pisses me off.
As soon as I sent the OK signal, Kali-Alexander nodded and gestured behind him.
His subordinate goblins came out with a table and chairs and placed them in the open space between their camp and the magic fortress.
"Phew."
Annoyed, I flicked my hair back and flicked my fingers. In response to my will, the fortress gates creaked open.
"30 minutes."
Stepping outside the fortress, I winked at my party members.
"Once the meeting ends, immediately attack and kill that goblin. Understood?"
"Yes, my lord."
Lucas responded reliably, his eyes shining.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com
Dusk Bringar and Kuilan, looking anxious, rushed to my sides.
"Ash, are you going out there alone? Isnt it dangerous?"
"Captain! Lets just attack and wipe them out! My fists can make mincemeat out of them!"
I gently shook my head.
"It wont work like that... and Ive had meetings with enemy commanders before. Dont worry too much."
From the fortress walls, Junior and Damien were sharply eyeing the goblin army. My safety was assured.
"..."
Meanwhile, the goblin army remained expressionless, simply holding their ground.
Even in front of the strange spectacle of their king going alone to converse with the enemy commander, they showed no emotional disturbance.
Step by step. Step by step.
I walked toward the table.
Thud!
The Goblin King lightly dismounted from the saddle of his mountain goat and stood next to the table.
We stood across from each other at the table. Kali-Alexander was the first to bow his head slightly, showing courtesy.
"Kali-Alexander. Legion Commander of the Goblin Army."
I gave a slight nod in return.
"Ash. Commander of the Southern Front of the Everblack Empire."
"Sit."
So saying, Kali-Alexander was the first to take a seat. I followed suit.
"..."
"..."
An awkward silence ensued.
The Goblin King seemed to be scrutinizing me through the eyes hidden within his mask. I stared right back without flinching.
He was dressed in clothes reminiscent of medieval Middle Eastern attire, down to the scimitar hanging at his waist, curved like a crescent moon. Even the patterns engraved on his golden cape and the leather armor he wore seemed Middle Eastern.
After staring at me for what seemed like an eternity, I finally tapped on the table, irritated.
"Hey, you call me here to talk and then just stare at my face?"
"Ah... I apologize. Its been a long time since Ive seen a living human."
Kali-Alexander bowed his head awkwardly.
"In my lifetime, I hadnt spoken to humans since the war broke out. After I died and was resurrected here, I was in a destroyed darkness... I havent encountered a living human since."
"..."
"Speaking to a living human again has been centuries in the making. I got lost in the moment. I apologize."
Annoyed, I leaned back against the chairs backrest.
"Fine, whats your business calling me here? Hope its not something stupid. I dont particularly have anything to discuss with you."
I want to end this fast and slit your throat, you Goblin freak.
Then, Kali-Alexander hesitantly spoke.
"Im sorry to disappoint you. Actually, I called you here for a very stupid reason."
"A very stupid reason?"
"That is, if its okay with you..."
Hesitating for a moment, Kali-Alexander lifted his head to look at me.
"...Could you recite a poem for me?"
...He had made an utterly unexpected request.
I was briefly stunned.
Almost a minute passed before I managed to ask, "...What? A poem? You want me to recite a poem?"
"Yes, a poem. Or it doesnt have to be a poem; song lyrics are fine, or even a short story."
Kali-Alexander was practically begging with his hands clasped.
"Please. The last time I heard a human poem was before I started the war. Now, its a distant old memory."
"..."
"If you know a line of poetry, could you please share it? Just one line would be enough. Please..."
I was utterly baffled.
A Goblin? Wanting a poem? Why? And so desperately?
Rejecting him outright seemed pointless, and I happened to know a fair number of Earths poems.
I lifted my head and beyond the darkness of the Lake Kingdom, the black water surface dimly glittered as if it had caught the sunlight.
For a moment, it looked like a star rising in the pitch-black winter sky.
"..."
Taking a deep breath, I recited a stanza from an English poem that came to mind.
Years go, dreams go, and youth goes too,
The worlds heart breaks beneath its wars,
All things are changed, save in the east,
The faithful beauty of the stars.
The short recitation came to an end.
"..."
Kali-Alexander fell silent.
I felt a bit awkward. Whats going on? He asked me to recite the poem, and now theres no reaction?
"Hey, are you going to react or..."
Just as I was about to break the silence,
Drip. Drip.
Thats when I noticed.
The droplets flowing down from beneath Kali-Alexanders masked helmet.
What the, what is this?
Could it be that hes...
"Are you crying right now?"
"...Ah."
Kali-Alexander slowly lowered his head, and in a voice laden with moisture, he mumbled.
"Its so beautiful that, without even realizing it, I just..."
Confused, I stared at the Goblin King before me.
Am I seeing things?
A goblin moved to tears by poetry?
"The way the transparent sunlight filters through a clear lens, bursting forth a halo of pure light... How can one not be moved when such pure language is refined to create such beautiful verses?"
Not bothering to wipe away his tears, Kali-Alexander spoke.
"How beautiful and great human culture is. A few words stir the soul and wet even this old heart with emotion."
Kali-Alexander took a deep breath and looked up at the sky.
"My kind have neither poetry, song, nor drama. I, too, am by nature violent, capable only of leading an army to kill and burn."
"..."
"What a pity! Why was I born a goblin?"
I just quietly listened to the Goblin Kings mutterings.
"All I can do is kill and burn."
For some reason, this monster, who should be my sworn enemy,
"All I can do is kill and burn..."
Looked, for just a moment, quite pitiable.
 



Chapter 351

"Sorry for showing you something this unsightly..."
Kali-Alexander mumbled, feeling a bit awkward. I simply shrugged my shoulders.
"It's okay. I've seen worse from other commanders of the Nightmare Legion."
"Ha! Are they all that nasty?"
"Are you saying you're not?"
"At least I don't look as bad as those lot, right? Might be funny hearing this from a goblin, though."
It was amusing, but to some extent, it felt true.
Compared to the bizarre and vicious behavior of the Nightmare Legion commanders I had encountered, Kali-Alexander seemed like an enemy leader with some manners.
"If you like poetry so much, why don't you write some yourself?"
I asked, suddenly curious.
He used quite a sophisticated vocabulary. Even if creating a renowned poem was difficult, it seemed like he could improve his skill enough to try.
"We who are resurrected here cannot create anything new."
Kali-Alexander replied with a bitter voice.
"We are merely 'shadows' of nightmares extracted from memories of the past."
"Extracted from memories? Shadows of nightmares?"
As I asked back in surprise, Kali-Alexander nodded slowly.
"Since you have recited a beautiful poem to me, though it's hardly a repayment, I'll explain our 'monstrosity.'"
The Goblin God-King explained slowly.
The monsters were extracted from the memories of the past nightmares of the residents of the Lake Kingdom.
All of them once threatened the existence of humanity but were ultimately defeated and discarded as failures.
The King of Kings, that is, the Demon King, resurrected them through a special process, and the resurrected nightmares pledged absolute loyalty to the Demon King.
"In the process of our resurrection, it seems the King of Kings interfered with our minds. We became instinctively obedient to him, and at the same time."
Kali-Alexander glanced at me.
"We developed a hostility towards humanity. Several times stronger than during our lifetimes."
I frowned.
The hatred I had felt every time I faced these monsters, it stemmed from the very core of their souls.
'Could that hatred have been... intentionally amplified by the Demon King?'
The hostility I faced was not of the monsters themselves... but the will of the Demon King.
"Your King of Kings must really hate humans."
"Indeed. He is determined to annihilate humanity. Perhaps that's why he tampered with our spirits."
"For someone involved in such schemes, you seem quite friendly towards humans."
"Ha... Even in life, I didn't hate humans. In fact, I rather liked them."
Was it because he had not harbored significant hatred, there was nothing to amplify?
Kali-Alexander let out a faint sigh and slowly lifted his head to look up at the dark sky.
"Anyway, that's how it is. We are doomed to wander under the darkness of this place, forever preserved in the state of centuries past... waiting only for the King of Kings' orders, nothing more than familiars."
"..."
"We exist only to dwell on the past forever. Creating something new is impossible. For me to write poetry is nonsensical."
"Have you ever tried writing poetry?"
I tossed the question lightly, and Kali-Alexander looked slightly flustered.
"To be honest, I never tried writing poetry in life. I was only good at destruction and burning, not at creating or nurturing."
"Why not give it a try later?"
Had he been dismissing it without even one attempt?
I couldn't help but chuckle and gesture with my chin.
"Who knows? Maybe you'll roll out a decent verse?"
"..."
As if struck on the head, Kali-Alexander chuckled with a carefree laugh.
"I'll give it a try. And, I keep asking, but sorry... could you perhaps... inform me how the outside world has changed in the meantime?"
I frowned for a moment but then quietly began to speak.
After all, the 30-minute conference must go on. There was no reason not to discuss a topic that would cause us no loss.
During the remaining time, I briefed him about the history of the outside world. I only knew it secondhand, but I had a rough understanding.
"...So, humans have become the hegemon of the world."
After my makeshift history lesson, Kali-Alexander nodded.
"The very race that once didn't possess a single Guardian Tree has become the ultimate victor. How astonishing."
"Guardian Tree?"
"It's also called the 'Protector Tree.' It's the tree that guards each race... A tree of grace bestowed by the race's deity. A spiritual conduit linking the deities of the spirit world and the races of the lower realm."Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com
I blinked in confusion.
No, humanity does have one. It's called Everblack, a black thorn tree. Theres one in the Imperial Capital...
Was it originally... not supposed to exist?
Come to think of it, when I was exploring the [Laboratory] dungeon in Sector 6 not long ago. I had found a branch of the Everblack there.
A branch of Everblack discovered in the Lake Kingdom, which perished 500 years ago.
And the Everblack Empire, which began to expand its territory after declaring itself an empire 500 years ago.
If all these things are connected...?
"Our goblin race, too, did not have a Guardian Tree."
Kali-Alexander's voice continued to reach my ears as I was lost in thought.
"Humans and goblins alike, neither received the blessings of a deity, but humans came to dominate the world while goblins lick the shadows of this place."
I asked, slightly puzzled.
"But aren't you the deity of the goblins? You could just bestow a blessing on your people, couldn't you?"
"...I am not a deity."
The Goblin God-King shook his head slowly.
"It was my kin who hoisted me up on a pedestal. They added 'Kali-' in front of my name and worshipped me as a deity... I had the chance to attain divinity, but I refused it."
"Why? For what reason?"
"Once I gained divinity, I could no longer be a leader to my kind. They still needed me."
Kali-Alexander smiled bitterly.
"I wanted to accomplish something with the strength of my race, without borrowing the power of a deity. I failed spectacularly, of course."
"..."
"So, I am not a deity but a mere failure. A goblin who was lucky to sit on the throne, nothing more."
His self-deprecating murmur ended our conversation momentarily.
I wanted to ask more, but Kali-Alexander slowly began to adjust his scabard.
And it struck me that almost 30 minutes had already passed.
"Today, I am grateful that you entertained my request. For the beautiful poetry and for enlightening me with history, I thank you."
"It's nothing."
Im about to kill you anyway. Thirty minutes of chatter for a coin on your way to the afterlife is a steal.
"I hesitate to call it a reward, but let me teach you something."
Kali-Alexander, standing up from his seat, whispered.
"The 'grace' our race received from the Overking this time is... 'Breeding'."
"...?!"
I was momentarily confused by the different term, but quickly understood.
This stage's dark event.
It's about... proliferation?
"However, as I mentioned before, we are but shadows cloned from the nightmares of the past. Acts of reproduction are impossible for us."
Kali-Alexander slowly surveyed his legion.
"So the King of Kings is 'cloning' my legion... The one I will lead to invade Lake Kingdom will be much larger than usual."
"..."
"Guardians of Crossroad, if you can prepare, then do so. Before the tide of my kind overwhelms your ramparts."
I rose from my seat, grinding my teeth.
"Why are you disclosing this information?"
Is it because it doesn't matter if I know? Or is it that even with this knowledge, I won't be able to respond?
But the answer I received was unexpected.
"It's because I do not wish to attack you."
"What?"
"However, a leader cannot, and should not, guide their kind based on personal wishes alone."
Turning away, Kali-Alexander murmured quietly.
"...I wished to have been born human. Or if not that, perhaps a line of poetry, a verse of song, a paragraph of drama. Yet, I am a goblin. An unavoidable monster."
"..."
"We goblins make our living by invading, pillaging, and plundering. If this is the innate nature of our species, and I am their leader, then it's my duty to lead them from the front."
Kali-Alexander glanced at me and muttered bitterly.
"I refused divinity, and I did not take the throne by my own choice. However... if my kin treat me as both a god and a king, then I too have the obligation not to abandon that responsibility."
"..."
"O connoisseur of poetry's beauty."
Approaching his mount, Kali-Alexander took hold of the goat's reins.
"Return to Crossroad. And savor the splendor of your splendid culture to the very end."
"..."
"I shall go to annihilate and burn it down, as is my race's innate instinct."
I smirked, gritting my teeth and raising my hand.
"Did you think I'd just let you go peacefully, goblin?"
Immediately, Damien and Junior prepared for a long-range area attack from atop the walls, and my warriors readied to charge out from the opened gate.
Kali-Alexander is completely immune to ranged attacks and magic. But he's vulnerable in close combat.
According to the original plan, while Junior and Damien poured firepower into the goblin legion, the vanguard classes would charge in to kill this Goblin God-King...!
However, without a backward glance, Kali-Alexander muttered softly.
"You're under some misconception, human."
With that, he flicked his hand lightly.
"The one letting you go peacefully is me."
Thud! Thud! Thud!
Suddenly, the very earth trembled from all directions.
Shocked, I looked around and finally saw it.
Surrounding the coliseum, from a distance, was an advancing horde... an incredibly large swarm of goblins.
I thought the thousand goblins waiting in front were many, but I was mistaken.
The number of goblins slowly closing in, bows raised high, densely surrounding the coliseum, seemed... tenfold.
They wore well-tanned leather armor, held buffalo horn bows in hand, and short curved blades at their waists.
A fully armed goblin legion.
Thud! Thud! Thud!
With each orderly step they took, my breath caught.
Until now, I hadn't realized.
Numbers.
This was the first time I truly felt that numbers could be such a powerful weapon.
"What the... how can there be so many?!"
"There's... too many...!"
The cries of my bewildered party members reached my ears.
I clenched my teeth, glaring at Kali-Alexander's retreating figure. The Goblin God-King was just mounting the saddle of his goat.
Should I strike him down now?
Could I quickly kill him and flee with something like a teleport?
But if the battle was delayed even slightly, we'd be surrounded by over ten thousand goblins. There would be no chance of escape then...
Whoosh!
Kali-Alexander, mounted atop a mountain goat, swung his arm, and the advancing goblin horde came to a halt as if by magic.
And when Kali-Alexander swung his arm horizontally once more, the goblins began to slowly retreat, still aiming thousands of arrows at us.
"It's been a pleasant conversation. I'm thankful for your broad-mindedness, Ash."
Riding the goat back to his legion, Kali-Alexander left those final words.
"But commanders of opposing forces have their own kind of dialogue, suitable for them."
"..."
"We'll meet again on the battlefield, soon enough."
Clip-clop, clip-clop
The mountain goat carrying the Goblin God-King moved away.
At the same time, the goblin legion receded from the coliseum like a tide going out.
In less than ten minutes, they had completely vanished into the darkness of the Lake Kingdom.
Ding!
A system notification popped up before my eyes: 'You have repelled the first wave of monsters in the siege.'
I swiped the notification away in annoyance. Repelled my foot.
'We didn't inflict any damage on each other...'
In other words, we failed to deal any damage to them.
The enemy leader had come within reach, and to miss a kill chance like this...!
'...No, it's a being that's even called the God-King.'
He would have taken care to ensure his own safety cleverly.
Besides the encirclement of the goblin legion, he would have prepared means to protect himself before requesting negotiations with me.
I ran a hand through my hair and flicked through the system windows rapidly. Still, I had gleaned several pieces of information, and above all, I had encountered the goblin legion.
This meant that the next stage's enemy information would be displayed...but...
"...?"
When I opened the enemy information window for the stage, I blinked in surprise.
"...What's this?"
Displayed there was,
[Enemy Information - STAGE 15]
- Lv.?? Goblin God-King: 1 unit
- Lv.?? Goblin Amir <Elite>: 10 units (TL Note: Amirs are Chieftains)
- Lv.35 Goblin Janissary <Elite>: 2,500 units (TL Note: Janissaries are the Chieftain's Guard)
- Lv.15 Goblin: 22,940 units
- Time until start: 21 days
Numbers that were hard to believe were densely packed on the screen.
 



Chapter 352

The subsequent two waves were a breeze.
Well, they were relatively strong, but since my three parties were the elite of the elite, we crushed them without much difficulty.
'The Blazing Coliseum' had been liberated from the nightmare. The 'Fragment of the Princess's Soul' that had been stationed in that area was also reclaimed by me.
It merged into the shard of soul that had been inside of me as if it was meant to be.
But I couldn't find it in myself to feel victorious about the triumph.
Because the scale of the enemy allocated to this stage was beyond imagination.
'25,000? 25,000 goblins?'
'Don't freakin' joke with me...' The mutter rose to just beneath my throat.
Of course, they were low-level and lacked any special features, just regular goblins.
But there were 25,000 of them. The situation had gone mad. Moreover, I had confirmed in a recent encounter that their armaments were in good condition.
The situation had vastly exceeded my expectations.
'I need to come up with a plan.'
Originally, I would have dispatched construction workers to the Coliseum or whatever to assist with the restoration, but that was now an absurd notion.
I felt sorry for Jackal, but the restoration of the Coliseum would have to wait. I requested he recruit as many monster gladiators as possible.
Right now, even the slightest bit of help was desperately needed.
"Leave it to me, Your Majesty. I'll gather as many troops as possible!"
Jackal nodded gravely.
"Thanks. I'm counting on you."
After patting Jackal's shoulder, I immediately took the teleport gate back to the Crossroad.
First, I disbanded the party members,
"Call all the head craftsmen of the production guilds!"
I called for an emergency meeting of the guild masters, originally scheduled for tomorrow.
Before evening, the head craftsmen of the blacksmiths, alchemists, stonemasons, and carpenters rushed to the lord's mansion.
"Is it because of the additional barracks construction, Your Majesty?"
The guild masters thought they had been summoned for the additional barracks construction that I had ordered in the morning.
"There is an old barracks building in the northern ruins village. It's in bad shape from being neglected for so long."
"It would take less time and save costs to repair an old building rather than build anew..."
"Good idea, but hold off on the barracks plan! We'll fix up the old barracks building after the defense battle!"
I took a deep breath and told them straight.
"In three weeks, we are expecting an onslaught of 25,000 goblin troops."
The faces of the guild masters turned pale instantly.
Other monsters were creatures of legend or rare entities hard to encounter in reality.
But goblins were different. They were a familiar disaster to them. Thats why they understood the significance of the number 25,000 immediately.
Without pause, I continued.
"For the next three weeks, Crossroad will enter a wartime regime. All production guild members, workers, and even regular citizens! They will be drafted into wall repair, barricade production, and other military supplies manufacturing."
There were no complaints from the guild masters.
Perhaps it was because I was a lord who compensated them well, but more likely, they realized the crisis looming so close was extraordinary.
"Stonemason guild master."
As I called out, the stonemason guild master immediately bowed his head. I spread out a map and pointed to the south.
"We need to reinforce the defenses of the forward base. Within three weeks, I want to build multiple layers of stone walls outside the forward base walls. Is it possible?"
"I'll make it happen, Your Majesty."
"Thank you. Next, the carpenter guild master."
The carpenter guild master quickly stepped forward. I ran my hand along the route from the black lake to Crossroad.
"You'll obstruct all paths the enemy might use to advance northward, make it as difficult as possible for them to proceed. Byproducts from other production guilds will also be laid out, but the main barriers will be palisades."
"Leave it to me. If it's about rampart production, I've become quite skilled."
"I trust you. Next, the blacksmith guild master."
The blacksmith guild master, who had been standing at the front, nodded firmly. I too nodded in return.
"For the next three weeks, the forge will produce arrows and cannonballs."
Considering the number of goblins, arrows and cannonballs will be consumed in massive quantities. The more surplus we have, the better.
"Stockpile ammunition until the warehouse bursts. Understood?"
"Yes, sir!"
"Finally, the alchemist guild master."
The alchemist guild master stepped forward briskly. I pointed towards the main stronghold of Crossroad and the forward bases with my hand.
"At the alchemical workshops, repair and deploy all the artifacts capable of area attacks to be ready for use on the walls."
"Ah... Your Highness. Continuous repairs over the past year have left us with not many items left to fix."
"Then produce new ones. Senior Mage Lilly has field experience now; she should know what works best. Consult her and proceed with production and deployment as soon as possible."
Artifacts are more powerful than ordinary arrows or cannonballs, but their significant cooldown time is the biggest issue.
The way to overcome this flaw is ultimately through numbers. Securing a vast quantity of artifacts to fire in rotation is the key.
'The problem with this method is, of course, the lack of space on the ramparts...'
Artifacts are quite large items.
Even if we secure the quantity, we cannot install all on the walls.
Even the artifacts that have been repaired so far would fill all the available space on the walls and then some.
Nevertheless, we will expand.
Even if it means using them once and throwing them down from the walls, securing a means for area attacks is a must.
"In addition to the tasks I've directed, I will continuously issue production orders. I expect you to cooperate closely with one another."
I looked at each of the four guild heads in turn and spoke with emphasis.
"The effort you put in is equal to our ability to fend off the monsters. Your workplaces are the front lines of this fortress city. Do not forget this fact and work with a sense of mission."
"Yes, Your Highness!"
"Good. That's all. Dismissed!"
The four guild heads hurriedly ran out of the mansion.
Three weeks is a tight schedule to accomplish everything I've ordered. From today, we must work around the clock.
Next, I summoned Serenade.
"Your Highness."
"Serenade."
Serenade entered the reception room with a stern face. I tried to force a smile.
"I have a favor to ask."
"Just tell me."
"Evacuate to a nearby city. Take the key figures who are here in Crossroad with you."
"..."
Serenade's face hardened even more. I continued.
"In three weeks, a massive invasion will descend upon Crossroad. It's not a situation for merchants to remain here. Take your Merchant Guild people and Brother Lark's family... to a nearby city for safety."
"Your Highness."L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎
"I'm not telling you to run away. Just to seek refuge for a while."
Serenade is not from here. Lark's wife and three children even less so.
If the invasion reaches inside the city like during Stage 10, if these people get harmed...
'No.'
That situation must not occur. Hence, the plan to send them far away.
"..."
Serenade clenched her lips, then with a determined face, seemed to want to say something. So I cut in first.
"Also, I have something else to ask of you."
"Yes?"
"Tour the nearby cities and buy up all the military supplies you can with moneyequipment, magic cores, mercenaries, anything. The expenses will be covered by Crossroad."
"..."
Serenade seemed lost for words, hesitating.
My request was just a superficial reason, an obvious ploy to get her out of Crossroad. Yet, I shamelessly grinned.
"Please."
"..."
Staring blankly at my face, Serenade eventually let out a faint sigh and turned her head away.
"It's always been like this."
"Hm?"
"Whenever Your Highness asks for something, you always show that smile. And I, I always ended up losing..."
Serenade shook her head slightly and then offered a slight smile.
"Understood. I will follow Your Highness's wishes."
"Thank you, Serenade."
"However, I will leave Elize behind. She will be more than sufficient as Your Highness's guard."
Standing next to the parlor door, holding a Sword Coffin, the maidElizebecame wide-eyed with surprise.
SSR-ranked swordsman Elize was someone I would have liked to have requested first myself. I grinned broadly.
"Thanks again. And don't worry too much. I'll fend them off safely and call you back to Crossroad."
"...Yes."
Serenade clenched her white fists tightly, then nodded vigorously at me.
"I will do my utmost to ensure that it is so."
After Serenade had withdrawn, Elize hurriedly followed the retreating Serenade.
Now, I called together all the hero characters within the city. As the late evening approached, they all gathered at my estate.
Having diligently assembled them over time, the size of the group was quite formidable.
The main party.
Three from the Shadow Squad.
Margarita and Lilly.
The Penal Squad and the Dragonblood Knights.
The newly joined Leprosy Extermination Squad. Plus seven reserve parties.
Including Elize, lent by Serenade, and the Holy Grail Seekers, who had become half my guests at the base camp.
'13 parties...'
Even if we expanded further over the remaining three weeks, the final scale would be about the same.
Six parties ready for immediate action and seven still somewhat awkward reserve parties. A total of 13 parties plus a few more... that's what we'll need to manage the defense with.
The parlor was too small to accommodate everyone. The heroes gathered in the courtyard of the mansion, and I cleared my throat before them.
"You've heard about the scale of the monsters attacking us, haven't you?"
The heroes looked at each other and stiffly nodded their heads. Rumors do travel fast.
"For the next three weeks, Crossroad will enter a wartime footing. All of you must also prepare to the best of your ability."
That preparation meant...
"We're going to scour the dungeons."
Dungeon raids!
"The goal is to improve your proficiency but... at the same time, we must procure Magic Cores."
Within the range of my ultimate skill, Imperial Edict, I can build defense towers as long as I have Magic Cores.
The performance of these defense towers far surpasses most artifacts and is just slightly less powerful than the average hero character. Sometimes they can be even more useful depending on the situation.
Ordinarily, I could only install one summon at a time.
Being able to install them without limit is an immense advantage for us.
The problem is, the Magic Cores.
Setting up defense towers more than one could during a battle has led to severe consumption of Magic Cores due to my frequent use of Imperial Edict.
To put it bluntly, we're starting to scrape the bottom of the barrel.
Moreover, Magic Cores are also essential for producing artifacts. We're running short in every way.
We need to gather them.
From where?
Obviously, from dungeons!
"We'll raid every dungeon we can. If even a slightly high-level monster appears, make sure to harvest a Magic Core."
The heroes who had been entering dungeons nodded immediately, while the newly joined heroes looked puzzled, not knowing the full story.
Don't worry. You too will soon tire of traversing the darkness beneath the lake.
"...This defense battle is going to be brutal. But I believe that all of you, and this city, can overcome this hardship."
It wasn't just talk.
Twenty-five thousand goblins was certainly a large number, but calculations showed that it was barely manageable if all available means were utilized.
Haven't we been through various hells before? This defense battle would be tough, but in the end, we would break through.
"Starting tomorrow, everyone, we're deploying to the dungeons. This place is already on a wartime footing! Get your gear ready and limber up."
After making eye contact with each of the heroes, I swiftly waved my hand.
"Rest up tonight. That's all, dismiss!"
***
After the assembly of hero characters concluded, in the now darkened time, I called Aider to the lord's office.
Other preparations within the city were nearly complete, so it was time to hold a meeting with my director and aide.
After telling Aider about the day's events, and about Kali-Alexander and his legion, I shook my head in dismay.
"Plus, they say this stage's Dark Event is 'Breeding.'"
"Excuse me? 'Breeding'...?"
"Yes. Even with such a Dark Event, the idea that their numbers would balloon to twenty-five thousand..."
I stopped mid-sentence when I noticed Aider's face hardening.
"What's wrong? Why that look?"
"...Well, my lord."
"Out with it. What is it."
"The enemy information showing up on the system window... those numbers are before the Dark Event application."
"...?"
"So, that means..."
Aider hesitated, gauging my reaction, but eventually spoke.
"The number of monsters, in reality, might be even more..."
Stunned into silence by the absurdity,
I eventually vented the frustration that had been swirling in me all day.
"Damn it, stop this crazy bullshit-!"
 



Chapter 353

The conclusions drawn were as follows:
'Breeding' is a dark event that clones ordinary monsters to increase their numbers.
Moreover, since the dark event wasn't utilized from Stage 11 to 14, its application in this Stage 15 was exponentially stronger. Therefore,
"...Ultimately, it is expected to increase by about twice the amount..."
Ordinary monsters - the level 15 goblins had doubled in number.
Fortunately, the elite monsters seemed to be unaffected by this dark event.
The Goblin God-King, Goblin Amir, and Goblin Janissaries would come in the originally marked numbers.
Still, in conclusion, their numbers had swelled to an absurd quantity... nearly 50,000.
With trembling hands, I ran my fingers through my hair and muttered for the first time in a while.
"Dammit, fuck..."
It's not like I curse a lot. The game's difficulty setting is just so shitty that it makes me swear. Damn it...!
But hurling curses doesn't clear the game.L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎
Ultimately, it's the player's lot to shovel and slog through the mire. I opened my eyes wide.
"What can you do to help on a systemic level?"
"[Gardis' Blessing], and that's about all with the achievement shop..."
"Even that's something. Open up the achievement shop functions to their fullest extent."
Regrettably, the achievement shop functions are mostly skewed towards dungeon exploration. There's hardly any points to use for defense battles.
Still, I'm planning to make use of whatever little there is.
"It seems we've pulled together every measure we can within the city, now it's time to look... outside the city."
It was time to request reinforcements from beyond Crossroad. I instructed Aider.
"Send requests for reinforcements to all cities and neighboring nations that can dispatch troops within three weeks. Tell them Prince Ash will not forget their assistance."
"Got it!"
Aider began to busily draft the documents. His hands would hurt from scattering official documents to all cities within a round-trip distance of three weeks.
"If we fall, their cities are next, threaten them outright! Got it?"
"Understood... But aren't you going to request support from the Imperial Capital or your brothers?"
"Like they would care to listen?"
The empire was currently in the midst of a civil war. They wouldn't bother with a 'mere' goblin outbreak.
And it's a painful realization, but I declared a solo policy myself.
Above all, I've come to intuit from the last incident.
Fernandez is an enemy on this monster front.
Asking for reinforcements from Lark, who opposes such Fernandez, might weaken our strength and potentially have adverse effects in the long run.
So, what choice is there but to reach out to other cities and to the minor city-states on the periphery?
I decided to request reinforcements from all cities and neighboring nations to the south, west, and east. The scope had broadened before I knew it.
After narrowing down the list of recipients, it was as if I was sending a New Year's letter to nearly the whole world.
"And..."
After a moment of hesitation, I spoke up.
"Send official documents to the autonomous districts of other races, too."
"Eh? Are you requesting reinforcements from the autonomous districts of other races too?"
"No. There's no way they have the capacity to send reinforcements under their dire circumstances... It's just a courtesy call."
A real New Year's letter indeed.
But they're potential contacts I might need to approach at some point. Might as well establish a connection now.
"Write that I wish to maintain good relations with them. That I hope we can meet and talk in person soon."
I tapped the table with my fingers and let out a sigh.
"Write it like that. Don't mention requesting reinforcements."
"Okay. Understood!"
"Good, that's enough for outside the city."
I rose to my feet.
"Time to head to the last place where I can muster strength."
***
It was nearing midnight.
I found myself in the Lake Kingdom dungeon, at the base camp. I had to make use of all the support I could muster here.
Verdandi and the Holy Grail Seekers immediately promised to join forces.
"If Crossroad falls, our Elven autonomous district is in danger too. We'll naturally lend our aid!"
"Thank you, Verdandi."
The Holy Grail Seekers are a versatile damage-dealing party, adept at handling monsters, composed of the elven princess and her personal guards, skilled in both close and long-range combat.
Moreover, Elves are sworn enemies of the Greenskins. They deal additional damage when fighting orcs and goblins.
Of course, they receive additional damage when hit as well.
Anyway, their help will be significant. I shook hands firmly with Verdandi.
"And, it's a bit brazen to ask, but... could you also request the wandering adventurers here to join the battle?"
"It must be quite urgent. Understood."
Verdandi smiled warmly, her eyes dotted with tears.
"The fate of the outer world hangs in the balance. I'll seek as much help as I can."
Feeling it was not enough just to thank her, I grasped Verdandi's hands with both of mine. I'll bring you sunflower seeds in a truck...
"Ahem...! Maybe I should lend some muscle?"
Kellibey, who had been watching, rolled up his short sleeves and flexed his biceps in a show of strength. I grinned.
"While it would be like gaining a mighty army if a Master Smith like yourself entered the battlefield... I think it would be more helpful if you continued to craft equipment here."
Not that Kellibey's combat power was low.
But it would be a greater loss if this supremely unique magical blacksmith were to suffer an unexpected accident on the front lines. Please just stay here and craft weapons and armor quietly.
"Your Highness, I can join the front lines now, too!"
Hannibal, whom I had assigned as Kellibey's assistant, burst forth excitedly. I shook my head emphatically.
"Wait until after your birthday."
It would be a different story if we were using the Korean age system, but here, one only ages after their birthday has passed.
You're still fifteen, and the monster front only allows those sixteen and up to join.
Both Kellibey and Hannibal looked downcast. The two of similar short statures looked somewhat comical standing there dejectedly.
While there, I placed various equipment orders with Kellibey. Instead of a few high-grade pieces, I requested as many of the slightly lower-grade items as possible.
I made armor orders a top priority.
The other parties had more or less completed their equipment farming, but the newly joined Leprosy Extermination Squad, despite being a tank party, was inadequately equipped. They needed something to wear.
Next was Coco the Severer's turn.
I made my way to old Coco's magical workshop. As usual, Coco was furiously boiling something over her magic cauldron.
"..."
The old witch glanced at me with eyes deep as a well. The giant mouth of the witch split into a grin from side to side.
"You've got the eyes of someone scheming, young prince."
"..."
"What assistance do you require?"
I took a deep breath and nodded heavily.
I had decided to become the tyrant of this game.
To win, I would become a transcendental being that ignores laws, justice, principles, and norms.
To stand upon the ruins of rules, using every available trick to defeat the monsters. To save even one more person, I was ready to do whatever it took.
Though it sounded grandiose, in essence, it meant I was willing to use any loophole available.
"I need a teleport gate."
"The usual kind of gate you order?"
"No."
And to stop this absurdly large-scale goblin invasion, we too needed to play a big trick.
"An extra-large gate."
At my words, Coco the Severer's eyebrows playfully arched. I added once more.
"I need as many huge teleportation gates as possible, Grandma Coco."
***
After finishing my business, I was about to return to the Crossroad when a familiar face visited the base camp. I waved at her with a bright smile.
"Nameless!"
"Ash."
It was the dungeon merchant NPC, Nameless.
Approaching her, I flinched at her shoulder.
She wasnt usually one for cleanliness, but Nameless's current state was... a bit much.
Her body was smeared with green fluid and blood. Noticing my shock, Nameless awkwardly wiped the blood splattered on her cheek.
"Sorry about this. I was just... slicing through some monsters on my way here."
"You've had quite the battle?"
"It's an everyday occurrence."
I pulled out a handkerchief from my pocket and handed it to her. Gratefully accepting it, Nameless wiped her hands and face clean before continuing.
"It seems the 'Great Flood' this time involves a goblin legion."
"You already know."
"It's my duty to fend off monsters, after all. For the past five hundred years, Ive been trying to prevent them from escaping the Lake Kingdom."
Nameless then added with a bitter note.
"Though I'm starting to reach my limits."
"..."
"I intend to reduce their numbers as much as possible this time too. However."
Nameless paused, looking at me.
"...Ash. Are you aware that the Goblin Legion is using the Orc Legion as slaves?"
"Kinda."
The Greenskin Alliance.
Usually, the physically superior orcs enslave the weaker goblins, but within the darkness of the Lake Kingdom, the story was different.
The Goblin Legion, led by Kali-Alexander, swiftly defeated the Orc Legion and now ruled over the survivors.
This was also perfectly implemented in the game.
The sight of big orcs groveling to tiny goblins was quite amusing to remember.
"The Goblin God-King intends to use the Orc Legion to stop me."
"What?"
"I've just had a skirmish with the Orc Legion on my way here."
Then that green fluid and blood spatter must be from the orcs.
"They are not an easy foe. Especially the Orc Emperor he might not be in the top ranks, but he possesses formidable strength..."
I knew as well.
The Orc Emperor, 'Wrathmonger' Daimark, was also a well-known named character in the game.
He ignored all forms of rigidity and stuns, constantly in a Super-armor state, and could smash through our walls with his tremendous charging power a broken train, that one.
Was such a creature targeting Nameless?
For me, who was inwardly counting on Namelesss help, it was a bitter pill.
The Orc Legion, though under the Goblin Legion, possessed strength not inferior to any other monster legion.
If they targeted Nameless with intent, even she might not be able to fend them off and stop the Goblin Legion.
"As a guardian and sentinel of the Lake Kingdom, it's shameful. I don't seem to have many ways to assist you."
"No, just holding off the Orc Legion is no small feat. Let's wish each other good luck."
I said with a grin.
Then Nameless rummaged through her belongings and pulled out a green dagger.
"Its embarrassing to call this a gift, but take it."
"What is this?"
It was a short dagger. Its green blade seemed to burn even in the darkness.
"This dagger [Goblynch] is meant for killing greenskins. In the ancient tongue, it means 'knife that skins the green hide.'"
"That's quite cool."
I took it and examined the options.
With an SSR-grade dagger in hand, its attack power was average, but it came with a special option that dealt an additional 200 percent damage to orcs and goblins.
"Isn't this weapon useful for you too?"
"I use nothing but this iron sword," Nameless said, tapping on the worn sword strapped to her back.
Well, considering that her sword could even shoot beams, there was no real need to bother with a dagger like this. I neatly stored the dagger in my inventory.
"I'll make good use of it. Thanks, Nameless."
"I only regret that I cannot be of more assistance. I will clear out the Orc Legion as quickly as possible and then focus on helping you."
"Don't worry about it too much. There are plenty of ways to annihilate those goblin brutes..."
Indeed.
If you step outside the rules, circumvent them, and broaden your way of thinking... there are numerous methods to slaughter the enemy.
By any means necessary, I will eradicate the goblins. Without fail.
As I silently vowed to myself, Nameless looked at me intently and said slowly,
"Ash... Don't go too far."
"...What?"
"Don't become a monster in the pursuit of killing monsters. Don't drink the darkness to dispel darkness."
Nameless stepped closer and whispered clearly,
"Don't end up like me."
Through her disheveled white hair, her eyes, blue as a lake, emitted a hollow light.
"You, at least you, must remain human."
Bewildered, I blinked.
What... What are you talking about all of a sudden?
 



Chapter 354

"You, of all people, must remain human."
Startled by Nameless's words, I blinked in confusion.
What kind of obvious thing is that to say?
"I'm just a human commander fighting against monsters. Of course, I have no intention of becoming a monster myself."
"..."
Nameless looked at me with a blank stare and then said,
"...Your handkerchief has gotten dirty. I'll wash it and return it to you next time."
She tucked the handkerchief I had offered into her robe and pulled the hood over her head.
Her face, as white as her pale hair, was hidden in the shadows.
"Then, Ash. Let's meet again."
And with that, Nameless disappeared into the darkness.
I could only stare blankly at her retreating figure.
Why?
The words Nameless had just said to me felt like a warning...
But they also sounded like something she wanted to say to herself.
'Don't end up like me...'
Does that mean Nameless herself is already a monster? Already swallowed by the darkness?
"...I won't become a monster, Nameless."
Even if I stand as a tyrant above the rules of the game.
I won't become a monster.
I will become a tyrant within the bounds of humanity.
"And I won't let you become a monster either."
The 742nd game.
The final boss I met at the last stage - 'The Princess of the Sleepless Lake'.
I remember her completely tainted by darkness, turned into a fallen monster.
'I won't let your end be as a grotesque monster.'
Because you are within my reach.
So... I will save you too, Nameless.
I clenched my fist tightly.
No matter what it takes.
***
Time flew by quickly. Almost ten days had passed.
The snow that had been falling steadily was now subsiding, and the weather was clear and dry.
Crossroad was preparing for the next defense with all its might.
The city was filled with the noise of reinforcing walls, sawing stakes, and people busily moving military supplies.
Indeed, Crossroad was a fortress city, the forefront against the monsters.
This bustling scene was truly the essence of Crossroad.
And, in one corner of the busy Crossroad -
"A~sh~!"
...I was caught.
By the dragon lady with teeth like saw blades, Dusk Bringar.
'Damn it...!'
Dusk Bringar's tiny hand was deceptively strong. I couldn't even budge with just the end of my collar caught.
After the last conquest, I had been desperately avoiding Dusk Bringar, but now I had been caught...!
"You've been running away well until now! But I won't let you go this time! Come on, look at me properly! Let's have a talk, Ash!"
"..."
I tried to avoid her gaze and turned my head, only sweating cold sweat.
The reason Dusk Bringar had been looking for me, and I had been running away, was simple.
She had found out that I had eaten a dragon's heart.
"What exactly is that inside you! Where did you pick up such unhealthy... things that are bad for your body! Tell me the truth!"
"...What do you mean? I am of the Imperial Family. I wouldn't even touch junk food, only a clean, clear, and expensive organic diet..."
"Stop the nonsense! My bloodline carries the blood of dragons! How could I not detect the dragon's aura flowing within you!"
"..."𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com
"Can't you just be honest! When, where, and how did you come by that power!"
"Look, that's not something I wanted to eat..."
In the end, I spilled everything.
The first time I had used 'Imperial Edict', I collapsed from exhaustion of my magic power, and while I was out, Nameless had somehow procured a dragon heart for me to eat.
After hearing the entire story, Dusk Bringars face looked utterly incredulous, then she swiftly grabbed my ear. Ouch! That hurts!
"You just swallowed it down without question?!"
"No, it wasn't exactly... someone fed it to me while I was asleep! It wasn't my choice!"
"You idiot! When youre asleep and something is put in your mouth, you spit it out immediately! What kind of home education did you receive?!"
"Who receives home training to spit out things when they're asleep!"
"Royalty must! Preparing for poisoning is the very basics!"
Uh? Really? Do royals receive that kind of training?
After bickering, Dusk Bringar seemed to lose her energy and slapped her own round forehead with her small hand.
Watching her furrowed brow, I cautiously asked.
"Is it because it was the heart of one of your kind that you are angry?"
"What? My kind? Heart of my kin?!"
Oops. Did I say something wrong?
I seemed to have touched a raw nerve. Dusk Bringar looked furious as she growled at me.
"What did you say? Heart of my kin?!"
I immediately bowed deeply.
"I apologize. I misspoke. Please explain what angered you, and I will rectify it."
"Haah."
With her hands on her hips and a deep sigh, Dusk Bringar slowly began to speak.
"The dragon heart you consumed is not of my kin."
"Excuse me?"
What is she saying? You're a dragon. Isn't the dragon heart from one of your kin?
"In the distant past, there were many kinds of dragons, but among them, there were two archenemies."
Dusk Bringar glanced at the sky.
"The Red Dragons and the Black Dragons. The Crimson Dragon Clan and the Obsidian Dragon Clan."
"Ah...!"
"As you well know, the Crimson Dragon Clan is wise, intelligent, graceful, and thoughtfulperfect beings. But the Obsidian Dragon Clan, they were violent, evil, vicious, horrible, AAARGH! Very, very bad creatures."
The explanation seemed to become more visceral as it went on.
"The Crimson Dragons believed that the world was worth protecting and that life should flourish, but the Obsidian Dragons disagreed. They argued that the world was fundamentally flawed and that all life should be cleansed to start anew from nothing."
"..."
"From their birth to their demise, these two dragon clans battled each other, eventually leading to a massive war. As a result of this war, both clans were destroyed, leaving only the ancestor of the current Dusk Bringar, known as 'Dusk Bringer', who married the Emperor of Everblack."
So that's why the current Dusk Bringar is the last of the Red Dragons. They wiped each other out in a war.
Dusk Bringar placed a hand gently upon her slender frame.
"As you are aware, I have the blood of the Crimson Dragon Clan. And what you consumed was..."
Finally, it started to make sense.
"...the heart of a member of the Obsidian Dragon Clan, you mean?"
"Yes! Now do you realize the identity of the defective heart you ate!"
Dusk Bringar pointed her finger at me and yelled furiously.
"You ate the heart of an Obsidian Dragon while suffering from magic power depletion?! Thats like setting yourself on fire because youre cold! Right now, there's a bomb planted inside you!"
"Eeek!"
No, Nameless! Why did you feed me something so dangerous! It was an emergency, but still!
"Do you know what happens to a human who consumes a dragon heart?"
"What happens?!"
"You become a 'vessel' capable of containing a dragon. Now, you are halfway to earning the right to become a dragon!"
Oh, holy shit! Even on Earth, I was born in the year of the Dragon!
"Then, what is the other half of that qualification?!"
"..."
"What?! What is it?! I'm pretty scared right now! I don't want to become a dragon! I want to live as a human!"
But Dusk Bringar, having floated a bit of hope, didn't speak of the other half.
Instead, she coughed hollowly and changed the subject.
"Anyway, the Obsidian Dragon Clan are very, very bad creatures. They tried to destroy this world."
"No, what's with the abrupt change of topic? So, how do I not become a dragon?"
"They must all be killed and eradicated, and indeed, they have been killed and vanished. But where did you come from all of a sudden, having eaten the hearts of those creatures? Where on earth..."
Dusk Bringar, hesitating, then seemed to realize something as she shuddered.
"Don't tell me, within that dungeon, the Obsidian Dragon Clan has also resurrected...?"
"Yes? Yes, what..."
Black Dragon Legion.
One of the most powerful monster legions. In the game, every time these bastards were taken down, my allies died in droves.
But right now, they weren't the opponent I needed to worry about, honestly, I hadn't even been considering them...
Dusk Bringar ground her teeth and muttered fiercely.
"The Obsidian Dragon Clan, they are sinners simply for being born into this world. They must all be eradicated."
"No, isn't that a bit too extreme?"
To be sinful just for being born.
That's just too much.
"There exist beings whose very birth is a sin, Ash."
But Dusk Bringar said this with a serious face.
"Consider the monsters you're up against."
"..."
"Think about the goblins that are invading this time. They are tumors of this world, like a skin disease. Beasts that only repeat the cycle of looting, killing, and burning."
Dusk Bringar pointed her finger and poked me sharply.
"Aren't you the one who intends to exterminate every last one of those creatures? Could one say about such monsters, that being born is a sin?"
"That is... certainly, I am in the position to kill them all, but..."
But.
Even so.
Is being born, existing in this world, a sin just because of that alone?
My intent to kill them is because they aim to destroy humankind.
If, by chance, there exists a goblin that does not harm people, one that has no interest in looting, killing, or burning.
Even for such a goblin, is it necessary to kill it as soon as it's born?
Is that... right?
'No, what the hell kind of dilemma is this! Are you stupid?! An army of over 50,000 goblins will soon invade here!'
I know that.
But... I couldn't help but suddenly question it.
Dusk Bringar suddenly grabbed my pondering hand and dragged me away recklessly.
"Anyway, let's go to the temple."
"What? Why to the temple?"
"Why indeed! You've eaten junk food, so we need to check if you're okay, don't we!"
What kind of checkup, checkup! Obviously, I'm completely healthy!
***
Eventually, I visited the temple, unable to withstand Dusk Bringar's insistence.
But I couldn't get a checkup right away. The temple was quite busy.
Parties that had gone for autonomous exploration in the dungeons today had just returned, and it seemed there were several injuries.
I saw hero characters groaning as they received healing from the priests.
"At least there appear to be no serious injuries."
Dusk Bringar craned her neck to inspect the injured, and I also took a closer look at the heroes.
"Huh?"
And then, I spotted a man who was off by himself from this group of the injured.
"..."
It was Torkel, the leader of the newly joined Leprosy Extermination Squad. He was standing quietly against the wall in the corridor of the temple, his helmet pressed down firmly on his head.
"Torkel!"
Approaching closer, I was startled. Beneath his feet lay a pool of blood.
"What's this, are you okay? You're not seriously injured, are you?"
"...Ah, Your Highness."
Torkel, turning slowly to face me, bowed deeply, and blood showered from his body. What in the world!
"Are you okay?! You're not dying, are you?!"
"I am fine... It's bearable. I was waiting... to get treated last."
"Waiting for what! Hurry over there and ask someone to wrap up your wounds with bandages!"
"..."
Upon hearing that, Torkel glanced over at the other patients gathered,
Suddenly,
The other patients, who had been keeping an eye on this side, flinched and hurriedly cleared the space.
"...That's why I'm waiting to be treated last."
Torkel bitterly muttered from inside his helmet.
"Everyone avoids the leprosy patients."
"No..."
"It's okay. I am used to this kind of treatment."
Torkel bowed his head in silence.
"They say that those who sinned against the goddess in their past lives are reborn as leprosy patients."
"..."
"So, we leprosy patients are sinful by the very fact of our birth."
Being born is a sin...
It was a topic that had just come up before. I hadn't expected to hear it again here.
As I stumbled over my words, not knowing what to say, Dusk Bringar suddenly burst out from beside me, exclaiming,
"No, it cannot be a sin for anyone to be born into this world!"
...Your Grace, isn't that a bit different from what you said earlier?
 



Chapter 355

In the game, hero characters interact with each other, building affinity.
The relationship dynamics reflected occupational characteristics, with healers gaining allies' favor the quickest, of course.
After all, they healed their allies' wounds.
Then came the tanks.
As they took the brunt of the enemy's attacks and sacrificed themselves, it was inevitable for other heroes to grow fond of tanks.
That's why in the game, after healers, tanks were the second most favored profession.
They usually maintained good relationships with other hero characters.
However, the Leprosy Extermination Squad was different.
Their negative trait, 'Leprosy', affected their combat performance, but it impacted their interpersonal relationships even more.
No matter how hard they tanked and protected allies with their bodies, it was nearly impossible for them to form friendly relations.
But as a player, I didn't care.
Performance was the priority in the game, so I utilized the Leprosy Extermination Squad without much concern.
But now that the game has become reality, I am beginning to realize the fatal disadvantage of 'Leprosy.'
Despite leading the charge in all battles over the past ten days and fighting valiantly, even at the temple where they came for healing, they were shunned by their allies.
Despite the injuries taken in place of those very allies.
"Thank you for caring for someone like me, Your Highness, and Your Grace."
Torquel murmured stubbornly at the back of the line in the temple, insisting on being the last to receive treatment.
"But out of momentary pity, please don't get too close... The curse is contagious."
"A curse..."
"Yes, a curse. How greatly must I have offended the goddess to live like this."
I swallowed the words of comfort I was about to offer Torquel.
A man who has suffered this disease and pain all his life.
My clumsy consolation might just reopen old wounds.
"Without fully atoning for my sins, I sought to be reborn, so the goddess rightly punished me."
Bleeding profusely from his injuries, Torquel murmured numbly.
"We are cursed to be born into this world..."
That's when it happened.
"Excuse me for interrupting your conversation."
With the sound of a medical cart being pulled, a tired-looking healer approached us.
"The goddess is not so petty, you know?"
It was Saintess Margarita.
She approached us with a face wearied by overwork and grumbled irritably.
"Dragging sins from past lives to punish in this one... That's all just stories made up by people. Our goddess is not so narrow-minded."
"..."
Torquel stuttered, taken aback.
"Does the doctrine say that?"
"I'm saying there's not a single word about that in the doctrine. Do you think a deity has nothing better to do than to nurse grudges and meticulously plant diseases in people?"
Saintess Margarita, taking out bandages and medicine bottles from the cart, pointed her finger sharply at Torquel.
"And! I told you, those with serious injuries should be treated first. Mr. Torquel. Why do you always hide in the corner and wait to be treated last? If the wound worsens, it's more work for me. Don't you see I'm already busy?"𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com
"...Because it's not a major injury."
"Not major? If someone else had these injuries, they'd be unconscious and carried away by now. What about that pool of blood under your feet? Our priests have to clean that up, you know?"
"..."
"Don't brag about being healthy, and make sure to come earlier next time for your turn. Understood?"
Torkel did not respond.
Saintess Margarita, with rough yet accurate motions, sprayed medicine on Torkel's wounds, wrapped them in bandages, and administered healing magic.
After treating his physical injuries, Margarita wiped the sweat from her forehead and gestured with her chin.
"Take off your helmet. It seems the inside is damaged too."
"..."
"Take off your helmet, will you?"
"I, well, the helmet... can't..."
When Torkel hesitated till the end, Margarita furrowed her brows fiercely.
"I'm busy! Take it off! Quickly!"
Dusk Bringar and I watched this scene, hugging each other and trembling like aspen trees.
The god of healing is frightening...
"..."
Hesitating, Torkel slowly lifted his hands and removed his helmet.
From where Dusk Bringar and I stood, we could only see the back of his head, but the gruesomely swollen and discolored skin was clearly visible.
With a deeply furrowed brow, Margarita treated the wounds on his crown and behind his ears.
As the treatment was almost finished, Torkel asked in a low voice.
"It's horrible, isn't it?"
"Indeed."
"..."
"It's always like this. Treating the injured, it's always horrible."
Finishing the treatment and wiping her blood-stained hands on her apron, Margarita spoke indifferently.
"To me, there are only two kinds of people. Those who are injured and those who are healed."
"..."
"To be honest, Torkel. I have no interest in something like your skin condition. I treat patients every day whose bones and organs are completely torn apart, far more horrific than your skin disease."
Looking straight into Torkel's eyes, Margarita spoke fiercely.
"So, I don't know how many times I've said this, but if you're seriously injured, come and get treated first. Don't make my already dreadful work twice as hard."
Clattering
As Margarita, pulling her cart, turned to head deeper into the temple, her gaze met mine, and a hint of puzzlement flashed across the face of the saintess.
"Your Highness, are you ill?"
"No, I'm fine but thought... just in case, I should get a check-up..."
"..."
"...but it seems the temple is busy, haha. I'll be on my way then, Saintess."
Awkwardly responding, I nudged Dusk Bringar with my elbow.
'We shouldn't have come here, now we're just in the way!'
'I had no idea it would be like this, myself!'
While we were at this, Margarita sternly corrected Dusk Bringar and me.
"Your Highness declared a state of emergency in Crossroad. This place is practically a field hospital... If there are no special symptoms, it would be best to postpone the check-up."
"I'm sorry..."
"If you're still worried, ask Damian for help. Or you could call a physician from the Imperial Capital. It would also be nice if you could arrange some additional manpower for us."
With a weary face, Margarita gave a brief nod before disappearing with her cart.
"..."
"..."
I continued to prod Dusk Bringar's side with my elbow.
Dusk Bringar winced and shifted sideways, murmuring an apology.
"..."
Meanwhile, Torkel, having finished his treatment, sat still for a while before slowly donning his helmet.
"If not for the sin of being born into this world."
From within the helmet, his blunt voice sounded even weaker and more faded than before.
"Then what is it for, that I suffer from this disease? If not a divine punishment, then for what cause, what karma, am I enduring this pain?"
"..."
"I apologize for the concern, Your Highness. Your Grace. I shall take my leave now."
Torkel bowed slightly and then limped away, making his way out of the temple.
Standing in the empty temple, Dusk Bringar and I simultaneously let out deep sighs.
"Phew~"
"Sigh..."
Dusk Bringar, tasting bitterness, looked up at me and said.
"It's difficult."
"Isn't it?"
That's just the way the world is.
It's always harder for those who bother to worry.
If everyone, my enemies, and those afflicted with leprosy, is simply lumped together as being born into this world by mistake.
And if they're decreed as nothing but targets to be eradicated and oppressed. Then the world would be an easy place.
But the world isn't that simple.
That's why we must ponder. Even if we struggle without finding the right answer, our willingness to worry is what keeps us human.
'Such luxury...'
To think we are contemplating such concerns in the face of the imminent onslaught of monsters.
In a bitterly human way, I couldn't help but laugh.
***
At the same time.
In the depths of Lake Kingdom. Zone 8 Warzone.
This place, built like a giant stadium, was originally a facility where the citizens of the Lake Kingdom watched various violent sports.
The Goblin Legion was using it as a base. There were so many of them that they had occupied several other areas as well.
But today, the Warzone was empty.
The entire force had begun to move towards the main gate of the Lake Kingdom in preparation for an outing.
In the center of the empty stadium, Goblin God-King Kali-Alexander remained, pondering the tactics of the upcoming war.
A few of his personal guards stayed behind to escort him.
"50,000."
After muttering the final count of the legion he would command, Kali-Alexander let out a short breath.
"Quite the number."
In his heyday, the number of goblins Kali-Alexander led neared a million.
He united the greenskins across the continent and ravaged the west of the world. He toppled numerous nations and drove countless species to extinction.
50,000 was not a small force, but it was admittedly lacking compared to those times.
"Granting me a mere 50,000 while claiming to provide an 'unprecedentedly large legion.The King of Kings thinks too little of me."
To the Demon King, goblins were just goblins, after all.
To him, 50,000 might seem a lot for a 'mere Goblin God-King' to command.
"When he calls my name without 'Kali-', he underestimates my capabilities as a commander..."
Kali-Alexander sighed lightly.
"It seems the King of King greatly underestimates the capabilities of my legion."
Yet, still, I serve.
That devil gave a second chance, and that is an undeniable fact.
'How shall I use these 50,000 lives...?'
Unlike other monster legions, where each is an elite, the Goblin Legion is a horde that overwhelms with numbers.
The lives of the legion's members are their bullets, their spear tips. The strength of the Goblin Legion comes from how freely they sacrifice their lives.
It might be enough to break through the defenses guarded by the Protector of Humanity.
But Kali-Alexander's goal was more than merely breaching defenses.
'Not enough to conquer the world.'
An ambition unfulfilled by his race.
To resume the conquest halted in the western lands.
As the leader of the goblin race, that was Kali-Alexander's purpose.
From the start, the monster front guarded by Ash was just an obstacle to overcome, certainly not the ultimate goal.
'After breaking through the defense line, I'll move north, rallying the greenskins remaining in humanity's lands... By the time we reach the northern edge of the world, I should be able to restore the former might of my legion.'
Like an invasion force.
Kali-Alexander resolved to handle logistics and troop reinforcements on the spot, as was fitting for an invader.
To cross the barrier protected by the Guardian of this age... Kali-Alexander began to detail the organization of his 50,000 soldiers for an efficient invasion.
That's when it happened.
Boom!
The main gate of the stadium burst into pieces, scattering debris in all directions.
The goblin honor guard, startled, pointed their spears toward the commotion, and Kali-Alexander looked up in bewilderment.
"Grrr. Grrrrr."
The sound of a sinister laugh heralded the arrival of a massive creature with green skin.
A muscular orc clad in spiky armor, wielding a huge pillar as a weapon on his back.
He was the Orc Emperor, 'Wrathmonger' Daimark.
In his hands, he held the heads of the goblin honor guard that had been guarding the entrance to the stronghold.
Crack!
As Daimark squeezed, the two goblins let out agonized screams before their heads shattered to pieces.
The Orc Emperor laughed cruelly and tossed the corpses aside, smearing the blood on his lips.
Kali-Alexander asked calmly.
"What brings you here, Daimark? Weren't you tasked with stopping 'Nameless'?"
"Grrrk... Kali-Alexander. Can't you see?"
Rumble...!
Through the open gate, a legion of orcs poured in. Each warrior was several times larger than the goblins.
In an instant, Kali-Alexander and his honor guard were surrounded. The Orc Emperor grinned, baring his tusks.
"This is rebellion, you weakling God-King!"
"...I have been granted command of this age's invasion by the King of Kings. Lay hands on me, and the King of Kings will not forgive you."
"Grrrr! Ignorant words. The King of Kings has always turned a blind eye to us killing each other!"
Thud!
Daimark swung the huge pillar he had carried on his back, slamming it down onto the ground. Then, the Orc Emperor bellowed fiercely.
"I will kill you here and become the ruler of the Greenskin! And I will lead this age's invasion!"
"..."
"Goblins are the mold of the world. You're the trash born from the leftovers when the gods shaped us orcs! You have no warriors, no war songs, no festivals, no honor! Just numbers pushing forward, burning the world like barbarians!"
Hearing orcs calling them barbarians was ironic, but it was true.
The goblins had nothing.
Even if the God-King had them dress in the old human kingdom style and bear weapons, most goblins didn't understand the significance of these actions. They simply followed orders.
They were a barbaric tribe without even the culture of orcs.
That was the nature of goblins. If their God-King disappeared, they would revert to a state worse than the Stone Age, which indeed they did.
"Today I will kill you and correct the hierarchy between orc and goblin."
Daimark roared and charged forward.
"Goblins! Being born is your sin! Now, as this age falls into ruin and through the eons, serve us orcs as slaves!"
"Being born is a sin, huh..."
Rising from his seat, Kali-Alexander drew his scimitar from his waist.
"I've heard that often enough."
The Goblin God-King muttered cynically.
"...It's just that I never wanted to be born at all."
The Goblin God-King's blade clashed with the Orc Emperor's pillar.
And so began the civil war among the Greenskin.
 



Chapter 356

Centuries ago.
In a magic research institute of the Western Human Kingdom.
The magicians, a married couple who owned the institute, found a dying goblin nearby.
The goblin was pregnant and, even in the throes of death, gave birth to her offsprings, though most were stillborn.
But one last hatchling survived and came into the world.
Crying pitifully in the embrace of its dead mother, the baby was premature. Left alone, it would have been devoured by wild beasts or succumbed to exhaustion from crying.
Was it a stroke of compassion?
The couple saved the goblin infant and placed it in the magical cultivation facility within the institute.
Whether it was a natural mutation or the abundant mana of the cultivation facility triggered some special function was unknown.
When the goblin infant emerged healthy and grown from the cultivation facility, it was noticeably larger and smarter than its goblin peers.
And it followed the couple around just like it would its own parents.
The couple decided to raise the goblin themselves.
The Western Human Kingdom was an area chronically subjected to greenskin raids.
They hoped that by taming this goblin infant, they could devise a countermeasure against these invasions.
Or perhaps, it was because the couple had been infertile for so long.
Their hearts might have been swayed by the sight of this goblin growing up and following them as if they were its parents.
Whatever the reason, the couple decided to raise the goblin and named it.
Alexander.
The name of a once-great human king who ruled over the Western Continent.
***
Alexander was astute.
To be precise, excessively astute.
He learned much faster than human children his age. Perhaps, as goblins mature into adults at five, his brain development was also accelerated.
At three, Alexander could converse as well as an adult human, and by four, he could assist the couple with their work.
By the age of five, he was able to read all the books in the institute without difficulty.
Starting from when Alexander turned four, the couple employed him as an assistant in their institute.
For the elderly couple who had been handling everything on their own due to limited funds, the intelligent and robust Alexander was a godsend.
The problem arose just a month after Alexander began working as an assistant.
They had brought in some chicks for an experiment from a nearby village, and it happened the following morning after the couple had gone to sleep.
"I'm, I'm sorry... I just couldn't stand the crying of these little ones..."
Overnight, Alexander had brutally killed all the chicks; he had torn them apart, and devoured them.
Staring blankly, Alexander was covered in feathers and blood as he muttered.
"But... why is it wrong to kill them?"
"..."
It was then that the couple realized.
No matter how intelligent he was or how fluently he spoke human language, the child in front of them was a goblin.
A monster with a cruel and ferocious nature, prone to tearing apart anything smaller and weaker than itself.
The couple debated for a long time. Should they kill this goblin? Or should they abandon it?
But, however - they had already grown attached.
So instead of killing or abandoning Alexander, the couple decided to try to educate him.
"Alexander, let's start reading this from today."
The couple brought in a large number of books suitable for young children from the nearby village.
Picture books, novels, history books, and even poetry...
They believed.
No matter how brutal their innate nature, if exposed to a rich culture and treated with kindness and warmth, this goblin child could also adapt to human society.
Alexander diligently read all the books the couple brought.
The young goblin had always loved books, but poetry held a special place in his heart.
He was often moved to tears by the sentiments etched like constellations by the great poets.
Through his parents' steady education and dedication, Alexander gradually distanced himself from his brutal instincts.
He had progressed to the point where he was trusted with raising chicks.
Then came an event in the year Alexander turned five.
A festival was held in a nearby village, and his parents wanted to show it to Alexander.
"Come, Alexander! Let's go see the play together!"
To hide his green skin, Alexander wore long clothes and gloves, and a mask covered his face.
Holding hands with both his wizard parents, Alexander entered the human villageright into the midst of the festival.
Children wearing festive masks were scattered all over the streets. Alexander managed to enter the traveling troupe's theater without arousing any suspicion.
And there, Alexander saw a new world.
It was a play based on history. Onstage, the actors recited their lines, performed, sang, and recited poetry.
Everything Alexander had read in books was embodied there on the stage.
For the entire two hours that the play unfolded, Alexander watched, weeping uncontrollably.
It was perhaps the most intense memory of his life, one that would not be forgotten for hundreds of years.
***
But happiness did not last.
The fact that the research facility was raising a goblin had slowly spread.
Eventually, the village chief came to protest at the lab.
"Raising a goblin next to a village that lives in fear of greenskin raids... Are you out of your minds?! What if that goblin calls its kin?!"
"Our Alexander is not like that..."
"You've even named that monster?! You've truly gone mad!"
The village chief and villagers demanded that the goblin be killed immediately and thrown out, or the research facility must leave the village altogether.
The wizard couple did not ponder long.
They decided to move the research facility to an even more rural village.
"You are living proof that goblins can coexist with humans, Alexander."
The wizard couple consoled Alexander, who sobbed knowing that he was the reason they were being driven out.
"And you are our son as well."
"No matter where we go, we can live happily."
The family of threeconsisting of the wizard couple and Alexanderpacked up the moving carriage.
It was a small carriage, unable to carry much, so all the books Alexander cherished had to be left behind.
The wizard couple promised that once they moved to the next village, they would buy him a new book of poetry. Alexander nodded happily at the promise.
It took three days by carriage to the neighboring village. The family of three took the journey slowly, enjoying it as if it were a pleasant trip.
During the day, they admired new landscapes, and at night, they sang songs together around the campfire under the sky.
The attack by a group of greenskins came just one day before they would reach the neighboring village.
***
The ambush was over in an instant.
Orc cavalry on wolves struck the side of the carriage, and the heavily loaded wagon toppled over.
The wolves killed the horses, and the husband wizard, struck by an orc's blade, died without uttering a last word, bleeding out.
The wife wizard, thrown from the overturned carriage, attempted to cast a spell as she lay on the ground, but an orc cavalryman's wolf trampled her, breaking her neck.
The assault was swift and decisive. The two orc cavalrymen laughed contentedly.
"Rrrrgh! Loot, loot!"
"They were wizards! They must have valuable things! Take everything!"
Following the orc cavalry, a group of goblins righted the fallen carriage to loot it.
Alexander regained consciousness inside a toppled carriage, the first sight that met his eyes were the horribly slain bodies of a couple of mages, and two orcs rummaging through their remains.
Snap.
Something inside Alexander's head broke at that moment.
It was the instant 'humanity' that the couple had carefully bound within him burned away.
"Hahh... Hahh..."
When he came to, Alexander was standing atop the bodies of the two orcs.
Two wolves lay dead, their entrails spilled out, one orc's neck was severed, and the other was crushed completely in limbs.
Perched atop that orc, Alexander was slowly lifting an orcish blade he had seized from it.
"Goblins... nothing but a slave..."
The orc uttered its last words.
"Daring... against the great orc..."
Slash!
He had never received combat training.
But Alexander instinctively and violently swung the blade, decapitating the orc.
Green blood sprayed as the orc's head tumbled to the ground.
A group of trembling goblins looked up at Alexander.
"..."
As Alexander looked at them with blood-drenched eyes, the goblins immediately prostrated on the ground, quivering.
"Chirrik!"
"Spare us! Just spare our lives!"
"We will serve! Just please don't kill us!"
"We will serve you from now on! Please, just spare us!"
Ignoring his kin, Alexander walked over to the bodies of the mage couple.
His parents, who had loved him all their short lives, lay dead without even having closed their eyes.
Alexander dug the earth with his own hands and buried his parents' bodies.
All the while, the goblins didn't move an inch, continuously prostrated on the ground.
They were slaves.
Needing someone to give them orders.
"..."
Looking down at his kin, who sought to serve him, Alexander let out a long sigh.
"Hey."
"Ch, Chirrik! Speak, strong goblin!"
"...Where is the base of these orc brutes?"
"No, not far, it's a fortress... but why do you ask, chirrik?"
The goblins cautiously lifted their heads to gauge Alexander's intent. Muttering to himself, Alexander picked up the orc's blade.
"I'm going to kill them all."
As he departed, the watchful goblins hurriedly followed. Alexander paid them no mind.
This was the first group that Alexander had formed.
With this group, Alexander began his quest for vengeance for his parents.
***
For the next ten years, Alexander lived on the battlefield.
He killed orcs at every opportunity and took the goblins, who had lived as slaves beneath them, into his own group.
He possessed a natural talent for command. Having read human strategy books also proved beneficial.
He calmly and strategically defeated the orcs, who relied solely on their brute strength, and killed them off.
Above all, he emphasized military discipline among his soldiers.
Instead of fighting on instinct, he demanded a well-ordered army that strictly followed his commands.
During the Greenskin Civil War, he was refined into a commander, and his soldiers into a well-tempered force.
Ten years later, Alexander personally killed all seven orc lords, and the orc armies were decimated.
The Greenskin Civil War ended with the victory of the goblins.
The goblins, who had been slaves to the orcs from birth, now had the orcs serving as their slaves.
When Alexander came to his senses, his revenge was complete, and he found himself the ruler of a vast Greenskin kingdom.
"Chirrik! The great Alexander!"
"Goblin among goblins!"
"My king! What shall we conquer next?!"
Alexander responded concisely to his subordinates' questions.
"I won't fight anymore."
"Kilik?!"
"What do you mean by that...?"
"From now on, our goblins will not attack other races."
His army was strictly governed by military discipline.
Alexander believed that his entire race could live by the law, as his parents had believed in him... that they could be reformed.
And so it happened. When Alexander's orders were given, the goblins ceased all acts of looting.
Peace came between the Greenskin Kingdom and the neighboring human kingdoms.
Soon after, a human delegation arrived.
Alexander, dressed in human clothes and a metal mask, met with the delegation. The envoy was taken aback but conveyed his message to Alexander.
"The ruler of the Greenskins has changed, and so I have come to deliver the words of our great king."
"Speak, human."
"Now that the seven orc lords are dead, the only warriors left for the Greenskins are goblins. With but a thought, our human forces could sweep you away."
"..."
"However, our king is merciful and does not wish for unnecessary conflict. If you continue to not assault us and maintain the borderlines, we can live in peace."
The envoy's tone was arrogant, but Alexander was a gracious king. He nodded his head.
"I, too, do not wish to be hostile towards humans. Let us interact in peace."
"...For a goblin, you seem quite civilized?"
"Take it as a compliment. Attend to these gentlemen with great care!"
The delegation was initially alarmed at the idea of a goblin's hospitality, but Alexander provided them with human cuisine and drinks.
The delegation was impressed by Alexander's eloquence, exceptional insight, and friendly stance towards humans.
By the time the short banquet was over, the delegation was wholly on Alexander's side.
"When I return, I will speak well to our king. That we can peacefully and culturally exchange with the King of the Greenskins!"
"Do tell."
Alexander and the now-friendly envoy shook hands. The delegation left the palace, bidding farewell to the Goblin King.
Alexander thought to himself that he would interact with the human kingdoms and spread culture among the goblins.
To clothe them, teach them language, and share the joys of poetry, song, and drama.
But the delegation never made it back to their own kingdom safely.
Before they could leave the borders of the Greenskin Kingdom, they were attacked by a small band of goblins and were all killed.
***
"Why did you kill them?"
The goblin band that attacked the delegation was captured and brought before Alexander.
Standing before them, Alexander roared.
"We could have lived in peace with humans. Without war, accepting their culture and prospering together."
"..."
"But you ruined it. You ignored my command to stop the raids and looting, and you had to kill the delegation from the human kingdom!"
"..."
"Why did you do it? Why? Out of hunger? Need for treasure? Or was it hatred for those humans?"
"..."
"Answer me! Why did you kill? Speak now!"
Swish!
A goblin's head flew into the air as it met the sharp edge of Alexander's drawn scimitar.
Covered in splattering blood drops, one trembling goblin answered.
"Ki, Kirik... Just..."
"...?"
"Just wanted to kill..."
"What?"
"Couldn't stand it... after so long not being able to kill or plunder, something inside was boiling..."
At those words, Alexander's eyes turned wild, and he swung his sword down in a frenzy.Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com
"Damn you! Barbaric! Idiots! Brutes!"
Slash! Slash! Slash!
"For just such a petty reason! Just for thatttt!"
When he came to, Alexander was covered in blood.
The brethren before his eyes were all torn to shreds, dead. Alexander slowly raised his hand, looking down at his blood-soaked palm.
He realized then.
That the corners of his mouth, were upturned in a smile.
He remembered the time when he was young and had torn a chick to death.
Nothing had changed about him from that time to now. He had to admit it.
It was enjoyable.
The slaughter.
The joy of tearing apart those weaker than himself was irresistible.
Looking around, he saw a strange fervor burning in the eyes of his subordinate soldiers, who stood perfectly still as they had been trained to do.
To kill,
To take,
To set ablaze -
The lust for destruction.
'Ah.'
Only now did Alexander realize. Only now did he accept.
This was... the nature of a goblin.
Cultivation, reform?
Such things were nothing but mad ravings.
"Kirik! Kiririk! Your Majesty!"
Just then, a goblin guard hurried in from outside.
"The human army is approaching! They have already crossed the border! Kirik!"
"..."
"They seem to be incredibly enraged by the murder of the envoy! What should we do, kirik?!"
What to do?
"...Everyone, take up arms."
If this is our nature. If we are born this way, with no other choice.
What to do?
"As we have trained, assume defensive positions. Prepare for battle."
But still, having been born.
Shouldn't we have to live...
Kirik! Kirik! Kirik!
Thud! Thud! Thud!
His soldiers all at once slammed their spear butts into the ground. It was an action born from instinct that he had never taught them.
After observing his goblin kin, excited by the smell of blood, fire, and ashes,
"My beloved and hated brethren."
As if looking into a mirror, with both self-loathing and self-pity,
Alexander said,
"Let's kill and burn."
He had decided to accept it.
"...Just as our nature dictates."
The fact that he too, was nothing more than a goblin.
 



Chapter 357

Present.
Lake Kingdom, Zone 8. [Warzone].
"Kruk... Krruk..."
The Orc Emperor Daimark knelt on the ground, pierced by spears all over his body, his accompanying orc army annihilated.
In contrast, Kali-Alexander was unscathed. Unbeknownst to many, his elite guards had gathered around him.
Ten Goblin Amirs.
Two thousand five hundred Goblin Janissaries.
Even in life, the elite guard that accompanied the Goblin God-King had succeeded in thwarting the surprise attack by the Orc Emperor.
Though three Amirs fell and five hundred Janissaries were lost, the victors were the Goblin legion.
"The rest of my forces have been dispatched, but do you think I am a fool to send these, my own hands and feet?"
Daimark gasped for air, and Kali-Alexander spoke calmly.
"The reason I chose to establish my base here was for its extensive underground space, ideal for hiding troops. You walked right into the trap my men had their eyes wide open for."
"Kruk... Always acting so superior to the end..."
No- in fact, Daimark knew.
He had suspected that the main Goblin force had withdrawn, leaving the possibility that the guard remained here.
He risked it anyway, thinking now, with the absence of the tens of thousands of the main force, was his biggest opportunity.
But the reality was defeat.
"Damned goblins... numbers I can't beat..."
It wasn't just the numbers.
The Goblin God-King, the Amirs, and the Janissaries moved so meticulously in their thousands that it was hard to believe they weren't one body.
Daimark had to admit it. They were stronger than him and his army.
Daimark laughed hoarsely, blood pooling in his mouth, "Well, better to die fighting cleanly than live crushed under vermin like you."
"Surrender now, Daimark. Then at least your remaining legions may live on as slaves."
"You dogs that chase the back of a wagon."
Daimark sneered disdainfully.
"Just fighting on instinct, to kill and burn. Until the end of the world, till the very last piece to kill and burn is gone."
"..."
"Warriors without purpose, need, or pride, merely killing for the sake of killing... you are the true monsters."
Daimark roared, attempting to rise.
"But better for all my legion to die today than to live on as slaves to the likes of you-!"
The Orc Emperor mustered his final strength, swinging his fist as strong as steel, but...
It didn't reach.
Dozens of spears hurled by the Janissaries pierced Daimark's body.
Kali-Alexander's scimitar plunged into the Orc Emperor's neck, spewing green bile.
Thud!
With a blunt sound, Daimark's thick neck was cleanly severed.
"..."
Standing quietly, Kali-Alexander watched the Orc Emperor's corpse, then gave a low command.
"Redirect a portion of the dispatched legions to attack the Orc stronghold. Leave none alive."
The Amirs and Janissaries bowed their heads and swiftly departed the area.
That's when one of the Amirs approached Kali-Alexander and spoke.
"Krik, great Kali-Alexander. The elite guard's loss is significant, but with the Orc legion withdrawn..."
"...you mean we lack the strength to hold back 'Nameless'?"
Nameless.
The guardian of the Lake Kingdom, standing against the invading Nightmare Legion.
The Orc legion was originally tasked to confront her, but now that circumstances had shifted, their support was unlikely.
"There's no helping it. Our regular soldiers won't even be able to hold her back..."
Kali-Alexander let out a weary sigh.
"...It falls to me to oppose her."
Kali-Alexander was unaware.
Daimark's rebellion, the resulting absence of the force to face Nameless, and the conscription to fill the gap.
He didn't foresee the butterfly effect this would create and the impact it would have on the war that followed.
***
One week remained until the next defensive battle.
Chirp, chirp, chirp.
Awakened by the distant chirping of birds, Lilly slowly opened her eyes.
"Mmm..."
It was morning. Sunlight streamed through the gaps in the curtains, spattering the bed. The faint scent of wood and the soft air...
Lilly blinked blankly at the ceiling.
'Huh?'
The ceiling looked unfamiliar.
No, not just the ceiling. The feel of the pillow, the texture of the blanket, the scent in the air. Everything was different from the bedroom of her alchemy workshop.
"Where is this... Ah, my head."
Attempting to rise, Lilly pressed her hand against her throbbing forehead.
A hangover. She vaguely remembered drinking excessively the night before...
'Who was I drinking with? Ah, Godhand...'
They had luckily acquired Sunflower Honey Liquor and drank it together in the Shadow Squads quarters. She remembered exchanging drinks in a good atmosphere.
'And then...?'
As Lilly's head, still not fully clear, turned to survey her surroundings, her gaze drifted to the side.
"...?!"
And there she discovered.
Right beside her, under the same blanket, lay a man with green hair - Godhand, peacefully breathing in and out. His profile looked endearing but... no, that wasn't the issue at the moment!
That's when Godhand, who had been twitching, slowly opened his eyes.
Their eyes met.
Lilly, her face turning red with panic, stammered, but Godhand, barely opening his eyes, smiled softly at her.
Lifting his upper body with a grunt, Godhand extended his prosthetic hand and swept Lilly's disheveled bangs to the side, then whispered.
"Did you sleep well, Lilly?"
"..."
"Last night... was nice."
Unable to hold back any longer.
Lilly screamed at the top of her lungs.
"Kyaaaah?!"
...She was not yet ready to accept reality.
***
"I, I did it...!"
In the annex of the lords mansion, the Shadow Squads quarters.
Quickly dressed and sitting at the dining table, Lilly held her face in her hands, trembling.
"I really did it, I...!"
Memories of the previous night were beginning to resurface faintly.
They had been drinking and the mood was quite pleasant. Lilly had been hoping that today they would move beyond just holding hands.
They almost kissed once before, but Ash caught them and scolded them, and since then Godhand hadnt progressed beyond holding hands because he seemed to be disheartened.
But Godhand still smiled happily holding hands, and eventually, an angry Lilly had kissed him first...
'But, I didnt expect... that we would go further in just one night...'
She trembled with shock, but after all, she was the one who initiated the seduction... even if she did borrow the courage from the liquor...
That's when Godhand approached with two cups in hand.
"Lilly, are you okay? Here, have some honey water."
"Ah... thank you."
The warm honey water eased her headache a little. As Lilly gulped down the honey water, she glanced at Godhand.
Godhand was looking at her with eyes dripping with genuine sweetness. Embarrassed, Lillys face flushed and she turned her head away quickly.
So embarrassing! The whole situation!
"You know, don't you, Lilly?"
Then Godhand spoke up. The flustered Lilly blurted out anything that came to mind.
"Uh, well, yes? What are you talking about? Oh, the mole on your side? Don't worry, I won't tell anyone."
"Not like a dot or something... And if you're talking about that, Lilly also has a dot on her back..."
With flushed cheeks, Godhand caught his breath with a cough and shyly uttered.
"Elves... they stay with the first one they give their purity to for life."
Godhand extended his prosthetic hand and subtly took hold of Lilly's hand.
"Now, I am... only yours for life."
"...?!"
"Please take care of me from now on, okay?"
Drip-drop.
The honey that fell from Lilly's lips trickled back into the cup.
"...Yes?"
No, no, lifetime? What's he talking about?
Godhand kindly explained to the bewildered Lilly.
Elves mate for life with only one partner, and because of that, they love cautiously. But once they do fall in love, they dedicate everything to their partner with utmost devotion.
So, in essence...
"...We have to get married?"
"Well, that's one way to put it."
"..."
In front of a stunned Lilly, Godhand continued to speak.
"I'd like to have two or maybe three kids. It'd be even better if it's a daughter that resembles you... What should we name her? We should probably decide on that in advance..."
Mumbling to himself, Godhand twisted his body this way and that. Lilly, watching him quietly, slowly opened her mouth.
"Godhand."
"Yes?"
"I'm really sorry, but."
Lilly stated firmly.
"Marriage is out of the question."Finnd 𝒏ew chapters on n𝒐ve/lbi𝒏(.)com
Crash-
As if such a sound could be heard, Godhand's face froze in shock.
"Wh-What? Why? If you love someone, marriage is the natural next step!"
"No... it doesn't necessarily have to be that way. Dating and marriage are separate things..."
"And, and you took my first! Are you saying you'll have your fun with me and then discard me?!"
"Th-That's a bit harsh! I do like you! But that's just romantic feelings, marriage is a whole different matter!"
"By the World Tree, my goodness! Humans really are promiscuous!"
No. This is also my first time properly dating a guy. And now I get called promiscuous.
With her head in turmoil, Lilly managed to compose herself and calmly spoke to Godhand.
"Godhand. You are an elf, and I am human."
"So?"
"You'll still be young and handsome even after 50 years, but I won't. I'll become an old, shriveled granny."
"But you'll still be beautiful. I will still love you."
...I almost fell for that line just now.
As Lilly wavered like she had been struck by a critical hit, Godhand delivered a follow-up blow.
"Even if you die and only your grave remains, I will guard it for a lifetime, reminiscing about you. That's how elves love their partners. And I, I want to choose you as my lifelong mate."
Godhand's prosthetic hand tenderly stroked Lilly's hand.
Gulp! Hang in there, Lilly! You are the senior mage of the Monster Frontline! Even if a formidable enemy is in front of you, keep your wits about you!
Barely holding onto her flying consciousness, Lilly spoke sternly.
"Okay, let's say we do get married. Then we'll probably have children, right?"
"Yes. They'll be cute, just like you."
Godhand beamed with happiness at the mere thought. Lilly shook her head slightly.
"If you're an elf and I'm human, that child would be a half-elf, right? You know very well what kind of treatment half-elves receive in this world, don't you?"
"..."
"They experience things far worse than the discrimination elves face. I don't want to see my child suffer discrimination from birth just because of the blood inherited from their parents."
In this world where different races faced persecution, half-breeds faced even greater discrimination.
They were shunned by humans, of course, but even other races wouldn't treat them as their own kind.
Neither human nor other race, just an outsider drifting about. In this world, that's what being of mixed blood meant.
"I do like you, Godhand."
Lilly tried to offer a warm voice to the silently brooding Godhand.
"But love and marriage are different matters. Marriage is... reality. It's something that can't be solved with just feelings of fondness..."
"...You never know until you try."
"There are some pains you know of even without having to crash headlong into them."
Lilly pressed firmly down on her immobile legs with her hands.
"Godhand. This world doesnt kindly accept 'differences'."
Even simply moving around in a wheelchair had drawn stares she had never experienced before.
Being human and acquiring a disability later in life was hard enough, but the children born from their potential mixed union...
"If I live with you, I'll be happy. But our children, they will be unhappy."
"..."
"I like you. Really, I do. This is the truth. But... marrying you is a different issue."
Godhand slowly bowed his head. Lilly looked at her lover with eyes full of sorrow.
That's when it happened.
"...Sorry to interrupt the serious mood."
Knock-knock
The sound of knocking came from the entrance of the annex.
Both startled, they looked over to see none other than Ash, leaning against the door with a lopsided stance.
Scratching the back of his head sheepishly, Ash blurted out an excuse.
"Ive been here for a while, but you didnt notice. It felt odd to just stand by, so I thought Id make my presence known."
 



Chapter 358

"I've been here for a while but you didn't notice. Just making my presence known since it was awkward to just stand by," Ash muttered as if making an excuse.
Caught in a bewildering silence, it was Lilly who first regained her composure among her and Godhand.
"No way, Your Highness! Do you always have to appear right when our relationship seems to be progressing and get in the way? Is it a hobby of yours these days?!"
"It's not that I always appear; maybe you two are just constantly in love no matter the season?" Ash grumbled and then suddenly pointed forward with her index finger.
"Anyway, the reason I'm here! Shadow Squad! There's a gathering at noon. Come to the reception room. And Lilly, we have a meeting about the artifact later in the afternoon."
"Ah, understood..."
"We'll be there by noon, Your Highness."
Lilly and Godhand replied in a fluster, and then Ash took a deep breath and said,
"And kids. I seriously want to give you one piece of advice. Listen up."
What followed was an odd remark.
"Don't talk about marriage before a big battle!"
"...?"
"That's a dangerous flag! If you want to live long, discuss such things when theres no battle in sight! Seriously, it's a concern for you so keep that in mind! Got it?!"
Lilly, looking incredulously at Ash, muttered in dismay.
"But Your Highness, in this city, monsters attack all year round...?"
"That's true."
"So when can we ever have these conversations?"
"...Good point."
Feeling sheepish, Ash lowered her hand and quietly exited through the door.
"Right. Then continue your talk... I'll see you kids later..."
Click.
The door closed.
"..."
"..."
In the ensuing hellish awkwardness, Godhand and Lilly maintained their silence.
The two lovers, unable to meet each other's gaze, drowned in their thoughts while sipping their cups of honeyed water.
And then.
"..."
"..."
Observing the two from a corner, Burnout and Bodybag had missed their chance to leave.
"I've been waiting to leave... but when's the right time...?"
"..."
"Ugh, I need to go to the bathroom..."
As Bodybag groaned in discomfort, Burnout patted her stomach, a sign she was hungry.
The two young elves glanced around again. Lilly and Godhand were still avoiding each other's gaze, silent.
Hiding once more behind the wall, Bodybag and Burnout thought in unison,
'Adults have it tough.'
***
In the lord's estate.
The backyard garden. The training grounds.
In this place, expanded and better maintained than before, Lucas and Evangeline were training with wooden swords and spears, shields in hand.
Despite the midwinter season, Lucas was dressed in short sleeves, and Evangeline wore a sleeveless shirt that bared her arms. Both were drenched in sweat.
Thwack! Clatter! Swoosh!
Without a single word, they exchanged glances and divided the rhythm of the fight with their weapons.
In this moment, completely absorbed in the flow of attack and defense like a game of catch
"I, Kuilan, make my entrance~!"
Out of nowhere, Kuilan burst in.
"?!"
"Ah, what the heck!"
Caught between the two startled knights, Kuilan let out a sly laugh and threw a series of punches.
Lucas and Evangeline were surprised but effortlessly parried his attacks and retaliated.
After a brief discord, the three of them started flowing smoothly again, exchanging blows.
Thanks to the consistent real battles and training together, their coordination with Kuilan was quite solid.
The three vanguards were soon lost in the zone, seamlessly continuing their rhythm.
In the midst of this picturesque three-way duel
"I'm joining in too~!"
Suddenly, Ash jumped into the fray.
"My lord?!"
"Senior?!"
"Whoa! Captain! That's dangerous!"
Three startled players hastily retracted their attacks when Ash, who had slipped in between them, lightly tapped each on the shoulder with her magic wand, Maestro. Clap, clap, clap!
It stung a bit, but due to the special effect of the Maestro, a random buff was applied.
The three looked at Ash in disbelief, and Ash just shrugged with a cheeky grin.
"Hey! Morning exercises are refreshing. Anyway, since I hit each of you, that means I win, right?"
"Ow, Boss! That's cheating, you know, cheating!"
"Mmm~ Not really. Surprise attacks are a valid strategy in real combat. By the time my wand hit you, I had already won."
Evangeline shouted in frustration at Ash's sophistry.
"Senior! You promised to exercise with us, where did you go again? Morning training is almost over!"
"Mmm~ Anyway, I'm about to head out again. Senior is busy. Let's do the exercise next time."
"There you go running off again, you delinquent senior! A delinquent health nut!"
"Mmm~ Yeah, I'm the bling-bling prince~"
After teasing Evangeline skillfully, Ash gestured to Lucas with her chin.
"Gather everyone in the parlor by noon. It's time for the defense meeting."
"My Lord, does that mean..."
"We've gathered almost all the means for the next defense. The strategy is set. Today, we relay it."
Ash waved her hands dismissively and rushed off toward the carriage prepared in the courtyard.
"Then, have a good rest of the morning training! See you later!"
"..."
"..."
"..."
Watching Ash disappear into the distance, the three exchanged glances once more.
Their sweat had not yet dried.
The time for the buff magic Ash had cast was running out. They wanted to move more while the buff was still active.
Without a word, their consensus was clear. With exchanged glances, they resumed their vigorous attacks on each other.
***
In Crossroad town, at the inn 'Etty's Honey'.
An entire floor here had been taken over by magicians.
There were a total of six battle magicians assigned to Crossroad, and excluding the senior magician Lilly, that left five.
All five were staying at this inn.
And now, all five were crammed into Junior's room.
'...How did it end up like this?'
Junior swallowed hard, her conical hat pressed down low.
Before her, four young boy and girl magicians with similarly pressed hats were hunched over scrolls, scribbling something feverishly.
"Sister Juju! I can't understand this formula!"
"Sister Juju! Can you explain the magic power operation one more time here?!"𝒩ewW 𝒏ovels upd𝒂tes on nov/𝒆l/b(i)𝒏(.)com
"Sister!"
"Sister!"
The young magicians chirped like fledglings begging for food, and Junior felt a surge of wanting to cry.
These four magicians were from the magic academy in the nearby city.
They were barely proficient in one elemental magic each and, as such, were hardly proper magicians.
As soon as they turned sixteen or seventeen, desperate for money, they took the incomplete magic they had learned and threw themselves into the front lines.
They were employed but lacked combat ability, so they hadn't yet been able to join the front lines. This time, they had come seeking Junior.
They wanted to do their part and begged her to please teach them.
She had agreed, reminded of her old self and her siblings back home... but there was a problem.
Junior was a typical genius-type magician who had grown through self-study without a proper mentor.
Thus, she had no experience or natural ability to teach others.
What was instinctive magic manipulation for her required complex theoretical understanding for the ordinary magicians.
But Junior had experience back in her hometown, pacifying and caring for her younger siblings.
She had her own know-how when it came to handling little kids.
Starting from the basics, Junior established her own theory of magic and taught it to the children.
The young mages absorbed her intensely practical theories like a sponge soaking up water.
"Sister Juju! You're amazing! Did you really come up with this theory on your own?"
"Sister Juju! Are you a genius?!"
"Juju, she is a goddess!"
"Juju! Juju!"
...Please, don't call me Juju. It's starting to weigh on me. Just call me Junior.
As Junior's face flushed and she trembled slightly, the young mages cheered her nickname even louder.
Amidst the growing din of the young voices, suddenly, a clear male voice cut through.
"Juju! Juju!"
"..."
Startled, Junior turned sharply to see Ash standing there.
Ash, who had been chanting Junior's nickname, coughed awkwardly and pretended to be distracted when caught by Junior, who then ground her teeth in irritation.
"Your Highness... What brings you to this place...?"
"Ahem! Well, I just came to announce that there's a meeting at noon, so everyone should come to the lord's manor."
"Understood, Your Highness..."
Junior bowed her head in acknowledgment, and soon after, Ash called out again with a playful look on his face.
"Juju! Juju!"
"..."
Crack!
A spark of lightning flickered from the fingertips of Junior, who smiled slyly like a fox. Ash quickly fled the scene.
***
In the north of the city. The refuge.
Currently, it served as a base for the refugees from the Bringar Duchy.
In the central tent of this place, Dusk Bringar and her Dragonblood Knights were holding a meeting.
"We've made contact with the knights back in our homeland."
The Dragonblood Knights' leader, an old knight with a mane of white hair named Andymion, reported on the situation within the Bringar Duchy.
"Thanks to the civil war drawing the empire's attention, resistance within our homeland is starting to regain its vitality."
"A people that rise again no matter how much they are trampled upon, truly, they are my subjects."
A bitter smile crossed the lips of Dusk Bringar.
"To think, a king has fled to a neighboring country..."
"It's because you are alive that the people of our homeland have not lost hope. Do not blame yourself for this."
Andymion, clearing his throat, continued.
"Although their numbers are few, they've managed to organize some military strength. Ten knights, around five hundred soldiers."
"..."
"These are the elite of the surviving knightly forces. They are more than capable of reigniting the beacon of counterattack within our homeland."
Andymion cautiously gauged Dusk Bringar's reaction.
"What shall we do, Your Excellency? Shall we return to our homeland now...?"
"No. For now, we do not return."
Dusk Bringar placed a hand upon her slender frame.
"As long as I carry the blood of the dragon within me, and as long as that damned emperor of the empireTraha and his first and second sons covet this dragon blood, an invasion will resume eventually. Returning now to reclaim the duchy is not the best course of action. They would only trample us again if they wished."
"What then?"
"...I have a plan."
Dusk Bringar glanced beyond the open tent at the walls of Crossroad.
"The future of our Bringar Duchy lies here, on the monster front."
No, to be precise.
It lies with the lord of this place, Prince Ash.
The dragon-descended lady sensed it was a moment of fate, a place of destiny.
"Call all the available forces to this place, Crossroad."
The knights looked pale at the order to bring the already scant forces from the homeland here. Andymion asked cautiously.
"Do you plan on conquering Crossroad and bringing it under our duchy's control?"
"Do I look to you like someone who would act so rudely without respect?"
Dusk Bringar bared her pointed teeth, growling fiercely.
"The southern front has been a refuge for us and the displaced. It's one of the few allies we have in this world. What would be left if we were to strike them down?"
"..."
"I am the Dragon Lady. I do not forget grudges or debts of gratitude."
Revenge for grudges.
Recompense for kindness.
I return it all with hefty interest. That is the dragon way.
"We will mobilize all the force we can to assist in repelling this monster invasion. No."
The knights were even more surprised by what followed.
"Our Bringar Duchy will ally with the southern front until the end of this monster war."
"Excuse me?"
"Your Excellency, why go to such lengths..."
Hadn't the invasion of monsters continued for hundreds of years? How could one sustain support not knowing when this war would end?
Especially when their homeland, the Bringar Duchy, was under the imperial army's boot...
"Trust in myself. This is the lifeline that will save our Bringar Duchy."
Dusk Bringar spoke with conviction.
'Everything is inevitable.'
The appearance of a black dragon at the monsters' lair.
That she, the last of the Crimson Dragons, would seek refuge here of all places.
There are no coincidences. Only things that must happen, happening as they should.
Just as the dragon's bloodline was passed on to her, once a mere human girl...
"Well, and there's also the fact that there was no other choice."
A sly smile played on Dusk Bringar's lips.
"After all, I am currently this city's 'Honorary Knight'... It's also my duty to protect it from the monsters' invasion."
"...?"
The Dragonblood Knights looked at each other, puzzled by the cryptic statement. Dusk Bringar chuckled without offering an explanation.
That's when it happened.
Creak!
The sound of a carriage stopping outside was heard, and then someone leaped out, barging into the tent without hesitation.
"Good morning, everyone!"
Ash appeared, with the rising morning sun at his back.
Seeing the young prince's sparkling black hair and the cheerful smile beneath it, Dusk Bringar suddenly remembered the smile of the former Duke Bringar who had passed on the dragon's blood to her.
That smile, toohad shone like the sun.
Had been just as beautiful.
"Everyone, gather up! Come to my residence by noon today!"
 



Chapter 359

The leader of the Leprosy Extermination Squad, Torkel, stood in front of the temple.
As usual, his helmet pushed down over his eyes and his body wrapped in bandages, he could only gaze at the temple from a distance, unable to enter.
He flinched, unable to step forward.
"Oh, Torkel?"
Damien, who had been sweeping around the temple, noticed him. They had grown familiar with each other from exploring dungeons together these past few days.
"What brings you here? Do you have business with the temple?"
"..."
Torkel hesitated before answering honestly.
"I feel troubled, wanting to ask the Goddess something. That's why I came."
"Then why not come in?"
"...But I am a leper. A body forsaken by the Goddess. I'm not sure if I should be praying in the temple..."
"Come on. Of course, you can. Were you worried about that?"
Damien smiled and gestured towards the inside of the temple.
"Please, come in! Ill show you around."
"...No."
Torkel shook his head and slowly brought his hands together in front of his chest.
"If I am permitted to pray, I will do it here."
"Why not come inside? Theres even a statue of the Goddess there."
"I can see the statue of the Goddess from here."
Torkel clenched his hands tightly and bowed his head. Damien stood by his side, keeping him company.
At that moment, Saintess Margarita came out of the temple entrance. She also appeared to be in the midst of cleaning, holding a broom in her hand.
"Damien! Why is the front cleaning taking so long!"
"Whoa, Saintess!"
"You've been slacking off these days, and if you continue, Ill increase your morning cleaning area Oh."
Margarita, having just noticed Torkel in prayer, fell silent.
Damien smiled awkwardly, and Torkel slowly unwound his praying hands and lifted his head.
Torkel and Margarita awkwardly nodded to each other. The flustered Margarita asked Torkel,
"Its rare to see you here unharmed, Torkel. What prayer did you offer today?"
"...Truthfully, I didn't pray."
"What?"
"I didn't know what to pray for."
Torkel continued in his distinct blunt voice.
"Ever since I contracted this disease long ago. I have lived praying secretly to the Goddess every day. Begging for forgiveness."Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com
"..."
"Seeking absolution. Begging just this once to take this disease away."
Torkel looked down at his bandaged hands.
"But last time, the Saintess said to me. This disease is not a divine punishment. It's not because of any sin I committed."
His hands clenched tightly.
"Then what now? What should I pray for to the Goddess? Whose forgiveness should I seek? If not that, then who should I resent?"
"..."
"I was more at peace before. Just thinking it was a disease I deserved for my wrongdoings. That I deserved this divine punishment. I only had to resent myself... But now."
Torkel shook his head.
"I don't know anything. Nothing at all..."
Silence fell.
Damien rolled his large eyes, not knowing what to do.
Just as Margarita, after a moment of thought, was about to say something to Torkel,
Clatter! Clatter!
Down the road, a carriage carrying Ash appeared.
Screech-!
Ash, who had abruptly stopped the carriage, poked his head out and waved.
"Torkel! Damien! Good, youre all here. You're the last ones!"
"Your Highness."
"Prince, what's the matter?"
"It's a summons! We'll have a strategy meeting over lunch, so come to my residence by noon! Oh, the Saintess is here too. Please, join us!"
Following that, Ash stuck out his tongue, panting, and slumped back onto the carriage seat.
"Ah, I should've just sent someone, instead of personally setting out early in the morning and getting worn out from gathering everyone... Anyway, see you later~!"
Ash waved a hand, and the carriage started off again. Clip-clop, clip-clop...
As the carriage grew distant, Torkel nodded to Damien and Saintess Margarita.
"...Well, I should be off as well."
"Torkel, sir!"
Saintess Margarita called out to the departing Torkel.
"I'll ponder over that issue as well. So next time, don't get hurt and make sure to visit the temple, okay?"
"..."
"Understand? I'll be waiting. You must come."
Torkel nodded silently once more and then trudged away towards the other end of the city.
The two priests watched his retreating figure in silence.
***
"Phew, this is surprisingly exhausting."
I loosened the front of my shirt and fanned myself with my hand.
Having rounded up the heroes throughout the city since morning was grueling... I should've delegated this task. Why did I have to personally endure this hardship?
As I headed back to the lord's mansion, I noticed the bustling city and abruptly instructed the coachman.
"Wait! Stop the carriage!"
The carriage halted, and where I got off was right in front of the Silver Winter Merchant Guild's branch.
The guild's people were busily packing their belongings.
Because I had issued an evacuation order, civilians within the city were being sent to nearby cities as much as possible.
True to the guild's reputation, their packages were neatly wrapped.
Is it because they move so often? The skill in their packing was extraordinary. They could make a fortune running a moving company.
"Your Highness!"
Serenade, who had spotted me, rushed over.
She too had been working since morning, sweat beading on her forehead, and her aquamarine hair tied at the back of her neck. Her exposed white nape glistened with sweat.
"I was planning to visit you this afternoon. But you've come to us first."
I didn't want to upset her by saying I just happened to be passing by, so I just offered an awkward laugh. Ha ha.
"Are you heading out today?"
"Yes. Most of the guild has finished evacuating, and today, I and the last group will head to the northern city."
Serenade then gestured to someone at her side.
"Ah, Elize! Come here! Protect His Highness's side, as I told you before."
"..."
Dragging her Sword Coffin on the ground, Elize appeared reluctantly and murmured a half-hearted 'yes.'
I grimaced with a smile. Though unhappy about leaving her master's side, an SSR-grade swordsman is indeed invaluable. I'll make good use of her in the upcoming battle.
Elize, with a sullen face, stood behind me. Serenade nodded at the sight.
"We may be leaving Crossroad for now, but we will continue to send military supplies from the nearby cities to Crossroad."
"Thank you. Its just you, really."
By the way, I had requested reinforcements from the neighboring cities and nations... but not a single one had responded yet.
The only support coming from outside the city were the mercenaries who arrived of their own accord, and the military supplies brought in by the Silver Winter Merchant Guild. Everyone else was stingy...
"And, this time, we've managed to procure quite a significant shipment of military supplies."
Serenade smiled coyly.
"We'll send it here as quickly as possible. I hope it will be of help to you."
"Oh, I'm looking forward to it."
I don't know what it is, but if the Silver Winter Merchant Guild claims it's significant, it must be something quite substantial. Perhaps an SSR-grade artifact.
Serenade then stepped closer to me, looking up with concern.
"Your Highness, I sincerely wish you good luck. You mustn't get hurt."
"Thank you. You be careful too."
Facing this young lady who had come all this way because of me, and now was evacuating to the next city, I gave her a bitter smile.
Serenade gazed at me for a moment before reaching out to take my hand, and then lightly pressed her lips to the back of it.
Her soft lips left a fleeting sensation on my skin before she pulled away.
I watched dumbly for a moment before snapping back to reality.
"Uh... does that mean something?"
Was there some significance to this kiss on the back of my hand, like a blessing or something?
"No, it has no meaning whatsoever."
Serenade answered confidently, her silver eyes curving like the crescent moon as she smiled.
"I just wanted to do it."
"..."
My face heated up first, and Serenade, her cheeks turning red as well, slowly bowed.
"Then, Your Highness, let's make sure we meet again safely."
"...Yes, let's."
There's no way I intend to game over in a place like this.
I replied with certainty in my voice.
"Let's meet again, Serenade. Definitely."
***
Noon. The lord's mansion.
Even though I had only gathered the key heroes and the leaders of the reserve party, the reception room was full.
'I'll have to build a large hall to accommodate all the heroes together.'
Since there were many of us and it was lunchtime, we substituted a meal with a simple tea and sandwiches.
"Eat while you listen. First off, there's something I need to tell you... For this defensive battle, we're going to change the composition of some parties."
Lucas and Evangeline, munching on sandwiches, looked at me in surprise.
I nodded. Yes, this concerns you.
"I'm disbanding the main party."
"What?!"
"Eh?!"
"Lucas, Evangeline, Damien, Junior. You will each become party leaders and command your respective parties."
Lucas would lead the swordsman and knight party.
Evangeline, the shield tank party.
Damien, the archer and sniper party.
Junior, the mage party.
I had sifted through the reserve party members to find usable hero characters. They were to be assigned to each of their respective parties.
"We'll call them Lucas's party, Evangeline's party, Damien's party, and Junior's party."
Evangeline shook her head in disbelief.
"You really have a knack for naming things, senior."
"Quiet. It's a temporary party, so let's keep it intuitive."
This battle would be on a scale unlike any we've faced before.
The enemies are goblins.
A legion that overwhelms with numbers, though each individual is not that strong.
That's why we also need to spread our forces broadly while maintaining a combat power advantage.
The main party is undoubtedly powerful, but too formidable to be clumped into one.
For this battle, it seemed better to split and manage them in smaller units.
"Once today's meeting is over, sync up with your party members. I've organized them by similar combat styles, so it shouldn't be difficult."
By the way, I've assigned Elize to Lucas's party. The synergy of the SSR grade knight & swordsman duo is already something to look forward to.
"I'll now call out the roster for each newly formed party. Sit at the same table with your party to get acquainted."
I called out the names of the members of the newly formed parties, and soon the heroes were bustling around, taking seats at their respective tables.
They glanced at each other like a group of university students meeting for a group project for the first time...
I'm expecting to dish out A+ grades, so I hope they overcome the initial awkwardness and get along well.
As Lucas was exchanging greetings with his party members, he suddenly looked my way, as if he had just remembered something.
"Then who will guard our lord?"
"I don't need a guard. I'm not planning to go to the front lines if I can help it."
...I mean, what's with those looks? Their eyes were filled with doubt, as if they didn't trust me at all.
Since none of them seemed to put away their skeptical gazes, I reluctantly added.
"After all, I'll always have at least one party with me, so don't worry about my safety."
Despite the party members still shooting worried glances... Tsk! These people! I ignored them and continued speaking.
"Likewise. We'll also add two more to the Shadow Squad. This is also a temporary arrangement just for this defense battle."
The Shadow Squad, currently only three strong, struggled to function as a full party. Therefore, a shield warrior and an archer were added to the lineup.
The selection criteria were primarily 'how mild is their animosity towards elves.'
The composition of the group is such that as long as the three members of the Shadow Squad are providing firepower, the rest can just support.
The Penal Squad, Dragonblood Knights, Leprosy Extermination Squad, and the Holy Grail Seekers, who promised to support, will stick with their original formation.
This is because they are already a complete party, and each has their own affiliations to consider.
Then I turned to look at Margarita and said,
"Saintess. You will not enter combat this time. Please devote yourself to treating the injured at the temple."
"I understand."
"Instead, we'll build a teleportation gate at the temple. This will make transporting the injured more efficient."
If it were feasible to fight with heroes at the forefront, I would bring Margarita to the front lines to serve as a field medic.
However, this time, we anticipate substantial casualties among the regular soldiers. It seemed better to respond from the temple where the healing facilities were well equipped.
Margarita nodded.
"We have finished expanding the infirmary and stocking up on medical supplies. All the priests are prepared for the upcoming battle."
"Thank you, as always. Let's just get through this one with a little effort."
I also announced various party reorganizations, and decided to post the restructured party list outside.
"Well, I've said this and that, but in truth, such changes in formation might end up being meaningless."
I smirked.
"I've dug a gigantic trap that might just capture them all."
"...?!"
All the heroes looked surprised.
Lucas asked,
"A trap?"
 



Chapter 360

I explained the traps I had prepared to the heroes.
If everything went according to plan, these traps could annihilate the Goblin Legion in a single stroke.
As I finished explaining, all the heroes looked astounded, their mouths agape. I couldn't help but smirk.
'I've decided to stand above the rules of the game.'
Therefore, I'll use everything at my disposal. Squeeze out every trick in the book.
If one doesn't work, try two; if two fail, then three; keep going until it works...!
"But we can't just rely on these traps and neglect our defense preparations."
The battlefield is unpredictable.
That's why the most crucial thing is the conventional tactics, honed by training and experience.
"It's my role to bring forth variables with unexpected traps. And your role, should these traps fail, is to carry out a standard defense."
I meticulously assigned each hero party the roles they needed to play in the upcoming defense.
This defense was likely to be prolonged.
From the forward base in front of the lake to the 3 days it would take for them to reach Crossroad, and then the defense at Crossroad stronghold itself.
It could be a long, messy, and dreadful fight.
What the soldiers needed in such a situation was a clear and core set of principles for action.
To not forget what they must do, even amidst the chaos of battle.
I worked hard to instill this into each party.
"Next is the information about the Goblin Legion."
I briefed them on the enemy we would be facing.
The Goblin God-King, Kali-Alexander.
And the field commanders who conveyed the king's orders, the Goblin Amir.
The elite guards who moved like the limbs of the king, the Goblin Janissaries.
And the regular Goblin soldiers...
A massive force unlike any we'd faced before, totaling 50,000. Not so much a wave as a tidal wave.
"Don't think of them as ordinary Goblins. They are an army with good equipment and under the command of an intelligent commander."
I shared with them the equipment used by these creatures we encountered in the game.
Despite being Goblins, they managed cavalry units, professional archers, and even had chariot corps.
"I hope my traps will deal a fatal blow... but we must be prepared for the opposite case."
Now it was time to discuss the standard strategy we would need to adopt for this battle.
I pointed at the forward base on the map hanging on the reception room wall and said,
"First, we abandon the forward base."
Perhaps because it seemed like I was giving up the forward base too easily, the heroes were shocked again.
But I could assure them of this: if we face the Goblin Legion, the forward base will fall. It's inevitable.
The forward base is right in front of the Black Lake. If the Goblin Legion attacks in full force, we won't stand a chance against their numbers.
No matter how well we fight, the forward base will be overrun.
"But we can't just give away the forward base for free. Think of all the hard work and effort it took to rebuild it."
The thought of the money and manpower that went into rebuilding the forward base was almost enough to bring tears to my eyes.
Not to mention the artifacts installed there and the additional stone walls constructedeveryone worked extremely hard on those.
We can't simply hand it over.
"So first, we hold out at the forward base, inflict as much damage as we can on them, and then-"
Snap!
I flicked three spiral shapes drawn on the forward base on the map.
"We bounce. Through the teleport gate."
In the original game, if a forward base fell, the defending forces would be wiped out without question.
But in this reality, we can build something game-breakinga teleport gate.
Thanks to this, a safe retreat is guaranteed. So, we can fight to the end.
'...I remember a story I heard once from Coco the Severer, who creates teleport gates.'
Coco the Severer had said:
- It's not difficult to enter another world. The problem is coming back to reality.
- You must carry a firm beacon of 'self' to resurface in this reality.
- Because of this, those who are not sure who they are sometimes disappear during teleportation magic. They lose the lighthouse's light and drift away.
- Perhaps that's why beings born from nightmares can't use teleportation magic. If they enter a teleport gate, they're all swept away to the other side of oblivion.
I'm not sure about the complicated reasons, but anyway, monsters can't use teleport gates. Instead, they can destroy them.
A safe passage that the enemies can't use!
We must exploit this damn good facility to the end.
"We have expanded to three teleport gates at the forward base. A small elite force will use the prepared artifacts and defensive weapons at the base to deal maximum damage, then escape through the teleport gate."
It's a pity to lose the forward base, but it's not as precious as the soldiers' lives.
"After that, while the enemies move north, we will continue to pour guerrilla attacks using small hero parties."
The road from the Black Lake to Crossroad, which usually takes three days.
There are teleport gates installed here in the past as well.
We will continuously bombard them with firepower using these gates and withdraw, accumulating as much damage as possible.
"When the enemies reach the front of Crossroad... we will use all our accumulated know-how to take down the remaining ones to the best of our ability."
Kill zone.
Death loop.
Crossfire.
The walls and artifacts.
My heroes and soldiers.
Against their overwhelming numbers, we too go all out. Total War. We will use everything at our disposal.
'The real thrill of a defense game is in grinding down the nonsensical numbers of the enemy with our arrangement and tactics.'
...If the traps I've prepared work well, we won't even have to get this far.
Nevertheless, we load all the ammunition we can shoot. No amount of preparation is too excessive.
With that, my lecture on the traps I've set and the standard tactics to adopt if the traps fail was concluded.
Then followed a detailed tactical discussion with the party leaders, and the meeting continued.
***
The long meeting ended as it was almost evening.
As I sent the heroes away and stepped outside, I saw a red-haired mage sitting idly in the chair in front of the reception room.
It was Lilly. I waved at her and approached.
"Lilly! I was just about to visit your alchemy workshop to discuss things with you. But you're here first?"
"..."
"By the way, you're not participating in this battle. Focus on managing the artifacts on the wall."
To prepare for the defense, we had installed almost all of Crossroad's artifacts on the wall.
Lilly, who was in charge of using these artifacts, realistically could not participate in the battle.
And there was a bit of consideration as well.
'Lilly was attacked by goblins when she was young.'
Her village had been raided by goblins. She lost her family then, and to avoid being hurt by the goblins' spears and swords, Lilly awakened the trait [Flame Skin].
A trait that deflects all physical attacks at the expense of magic power. It was very handy when breaking through Stage 0.
...Assigning Lilly to combat goblins was a command too cruel by any measure. Thus, I never intended to deploy her in this defensive battle from the start.
Now that I think about it, wasnt it an elven slave under the care of Lilly's family who had opened the village barriers during that attack...
It was a tale I had heard a long time ago, but the memory came back to me.
It was the story Lilly shared when she first met Godhand, which led to her disdain for elves.
And yet, now they were in a relationship.
They seemed to have argued again this morning, though...
"..."
Turning away from Lilly, who sat with a gloomy expression, I saw Godhand had approached and stood before her with a stern face.
"..."
A dark and awkward silence hung between the two.
Feeling the awkwardness myself, I hastily backed away with a fake cough. Sshh.
This is exactly why I don't date...
Seriously. It's not that I can't. It's just that it's too complicated, too much to worry about, too many heartaches. Thats why I choose not to.
Seriously.
No, really!
"...Lady Lilly."
Godhand, as if resolved to something, stepped forward.
"We need to talk more..."
"Let's do it later, Godhand."
Lilly offered a bitter smile and avoided Godhands gaze.
"I need to discuss the artifact installation with His Highness."
"..."
Godhand closed his mouth and stepped back, while Lilly signaled me with her eyes.
"Let's go, Your Highness. Time is of the essence, we need to finish the installation quickly."
"Yes, yes..."
Lilly pushed the wheels of her wheelchair and moved ahead.
Godhand remained rooted to the spot, watching her departing figure.
In the midst of this, I hesitated before quickly following after Lilly.
This is why romance on the front lines... No, romance within the squad is problematic!
My heroes in love on the front lines, I beg of you! If you're going to date, see it through to marriage and a harmonious life! Otherwise, if it ends, it turns the atmosphere terribly sour!
***
Forward Base.
Arriving here with Lilly, we could see workers busily constructing stone walls, despite the sun preparing to set. The alchemists were also diligently installing artifacts.
Lilly was drained of energy, but she performed her tasks meticulously.
We reviewed the artifacts installed at the Forward Base, discussing their operational sequence and combination efficiency.
As we finished inspecting the Forward Base's artifacts, Lilly, with a sigh, said,
"Your Highness, you are truly remarkable."
"Huh?"
I was startled. Why the sudden praise?
"Since the time we faced the Black Spider Legion here. You've never given up, no matter how dire the circumstances, always managing to secure victory."
"..."
"If it were me... I would have given up long ago."
Lilly shook her head slowly.
"You know? When an insurmountable wall appears before us, most would despair and give up."
Her hand pressed hard against her immobile legs.
"Only heroes like you, who think of ways to overcome the wall and actually do it, change the world. I don't have that kind of courage or will."
"Lilly."
"I'm... just a normal human. So..."
"Lilly!"
Interrupting her, I offered a broad smile.
"Did it seem to you that I've been overcoming those walls at once?"
"...Yes. Thats what you did, isnt it? You never failed..."
"No."
Standing before Lilly, I smiled faintly.
"To overcome just one wall, I failed 741 times."
"...What?"L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎
"No, in reality, far more than that. Completely shattered."
There were 741 attempts just in the game rounds.
Within those rounds, countless defeats I had to face.
How many times I had to suffer defeat before I got the hang of this game.
"I wonder if you know how many battles I've lost on my way here, or how many subordinates I've had to watch fall."
"..."
Lilly had a look of incomprehension, but I continued nonetheless.
What's important isn't how many times I've failed. It's about the possibility of failure that might be in front of her.
Because that fear of failure...
"I'm just an ordinary human like you, Lilly. I'm scared of failure, and right now, I want to run away and give up."
"..."
"But there's something about myself I take pride in. Yes, I never gave up."
On the 742nd attempt,
I finally reached the end of the game.
And trusting the memory of that victory, I'm challenging it once again.
"There are no great people in this world, Lilly. There are only ordinary people facing great challenges."
...That's not my line, just a quote from some famous soldier on Earth.
But I like it.
Because I truly believe it, too.
"Everyone faces walls in their lives. And whether those walls are high or low, the very act of attempting to overcome them, I believe, is greatness."
Whether it's facing a monster,
Battling against prejudices,
Or interracial marriages, whatever it may be
All challenges against the wall are great.
"Lilly. You've already overcome great challenges. You helped me defeat the Black Spider Queen and even with your inability to walk, you've been working flawlessly here as the lead magician at the front against the monsters."
I moved behind Lilly and took hold of the handles of her wheelchair.
"Even if you decided not to scale one more wall and gave up now. Everyone would understand."
"..."
"But if you choose to overcome this wall too... I'll give it my all to help you. As just another ordinary person by your side."
"..."
"What do you want to do?"
Lilly, head bowed, finally let out a choked voice after a long silence.
"...I like it, Godhand."
I couldn't help but give a small smile.
Lilly clenched her fist tightly and declared as if making a vow,
"I want to be with that person for the rest of my life..."
 



Chapter 361

Continuing from there, I toured the forward base with Lilly, discussing with the various guild masters who were making repairs.
While inspecting the equipment to be used in the upcoming defense, the guild masters finally guided me to a room in the basement of the forward base.
"I've heard that you are proceeding with the operation on the premise that this forward base might fall."
"That's how it turned out."
"Your Highness often takes direct command, and I feared that there might be a chance of danger..."
As the guild masters manipulated the wall of the basement, a hidden stone door was opened.
"We've prepared a space where you can safely take refuge in case of an emergency."
"Hmm..."
"It's not physically fortified, but it has a camouflage spell on it. If you hide in here, you could remain undetected for a few days."
Surprised, I opened my eyes wide and inspected the interior.
It was a cramped space that could barely fit one person. Inside, there was a little bit of water and provisions stocked up.
I tried squeezing myself into the space as a test. It was just spacious enough to move. It's almost like a coffin.
"It's a bit cramped."
"It's a one-person facility, intended only for Your Highness in an emergency."
"Isn't it possible to make it bigger? To fit about ten people..."
"With that scale, we'd lack the facilities, resources, and space. Above all, it would be unsafe."
Well, a larger space would indeed increase the likelihood of being discovered by enemies.
"This is strictly an emergency facility."
"Right. Ideally, we won't have to hide here in the first place."
Nonetheless, I appreciated such careful consideration. I expressed my gratitude to the guild masters.
After surfacing to the ground, I gestured to the south.
"Lastly, let's go check out that damned lake."
We teleported to the Lake's Landing.
The entrance to hell from which monsters will surge once the invasion starts. We arrived at the black lake.
Thud! Thud! Thud!
Ratatat...
The noisy sound of hammering resonated around us.
At the lakeside, more workers than those assigned to the forward base were gathered, sweating profusely as they installed something. It was the 'trap' we had been diligently preparing.
Lilly swallowed her dry saliva as she looked down at the huge structure.
"Will this really... work?"
"It's worth a shot."
With my arms crossed, I meticulously surveyed the construction.
If it works as intended...
We might win this defensive battle quite easily. It could be a complete cakewalk.
"Alright, everyone! The monsters' invasion is imminent!"
I raised my voice to encourage the workers at the lakeside.
"You are protecting the world! Let's keep up the strength for just a few more days!"
***
And so, time flew by in an instant.
The night before the monsters would storm the forward base.
"..."
I was giving the operation plans scattered on my desk a final check.
I had drilled various strategies into my heroes and soldiers, but this battle was of an unprecedented scale.
Whether everything would go according to these plans...
That's when it happened.
Knock. Knock-knock. Knock.
There was a knock at the door of my office.
One, two, one. There's only one person who knocks like that. I responded.
"Come in."
Creak-
It was Lucas who entered through the door. I furrowed my brow.
This guy, ever since the special forces incident, has been knocking in that peculiar way.
It seems to be a secret code that he and young Ash came up with.
After I used that pattern by chance during the last incident, he seems to be under the illusion that I am regaining my old memories.
'No, it was just a pattern that came to mind by chance. How would I know anything about Ash's childhood memories...'
Anyways, Lucas, who had come in with that knock, gave a sly grin. I put down the documents and gestured with my eyes.
"Hey, Lucas. We have a battle first thing tomorrow morning; why aren't you sleeping instead of..."
The response came from behind Lucas.
"Senior, what about you? Why are you not sleeping at this hour!"
Evangeline's petite face peeked out from behind Lucas, followed by Damien and Junior, who also poked their heads out.
"Good evening, Your Highness!"
"Ha ha, don't be too harsh on us, Your Majesty..."
They were the main party members. These guys came carrying drinks and snacks.
"We had a meeting in the reception room to prepare for tomorrow's strategy, and before we knew it, it was already this late."
Lucas explained.
"We were about to have some late-night snacks, but we saw the light on in your office, my lord. So we thought, why not join you?"
"I appreciate the thought, but I'm busy..."
As I was about to decline, Evangeline had already flung herself onto the sofa in my office.
"Goodness! You look like you're going to be wrapping your head around work for hours! Instead, play with us for just 10 minutes!"
"You little rascal...!"
"Does revisiting your notes over and over again right before the test really improve your score? Sometimes, taking a break can be more effective!"
Hmm, she wasnt making an entirely unreasonable point...
"We're all tense like a bowstring pulled tight, intentionally trying to relax a bit. Join us, senior!"
"Oh? Are you guys nervous too?"
"Of course, wouldn't you be? The monsters are numerous, suddenly I became a party leader, and then..."
Evangeline pouted her lips and chattered on.
"It's also the first time the main party with senior has been officially disbanded, so it's a bit unsettling..."
...
It was indeed the first time the main party had been officially disbanded.
Since this group became a party, whether I went up to the Imperial Capital or we acted separately, through various events, we had maintained the form of one party.
This was the first time all five of us were scattered. Each of us becoming a party leader for the first time was bound to be disconcerting.
Moreover, with 50,000 monsters approaching... their feelings must be complex.
I smiled wryly and put down the binder I was reading.
"You'll all do well."
They were all talented young people.
Heroes I could trust and rely on.
"Alright, alright. Let's take a break for just 10 minutes."
"Yay~"
Evangeline let out a peculiar cheer.
As if they had been waiting, the main party members cozily sat down on the office sofa, chattering and starting to eat their snacks.
Sipping the hot coffee Lucas handed me, I thought to myself.
With these kids by my side, we will be able to overcome this battle, and the ones to come.
Definitely... we will.
***
The annex of the lord's mansion. The Shadow Squad's quarters.
Lilly and Godhand were sitting side by side on the bench by the door.VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience
After sitting silently and looking up at the night sky, Lilly was the first to speak.
"Godhand."
After a few awkward days, she finally mustered the courage.
Lilly tried to say.
"We..."
"Lady Lilly."
But Godhand was one step ahead.
"Let's not have children."
"What?"
A flustered Lilly looked towards Godhand. Godhand faced her with a serious expression.
"If you don't want to marry because you're afraid the child will be unhappy, then let's not have children."
"No, that's not..."
Here she was, having just resolved that it might be alright to have a child...
As Lilly stuttered, Godhand continued.
"I'll even give up on an Elvish marriage."
"Huh? Elvish marriage? What's that?"
"We're supposed to set up our bridal room in the tree. We have to live up there for the first week of marriage. Only then can we receive the World Tree's energy."
"Are we squirrels or something?"
"Oh, and we must only eat what comes from the tree. Fruits, nuts, budding leaves, things like that..."
Is this some kind of nutjob race?!
Lilly gasped in shock, to which Godhand nodded his head.
"I'll give it all up."
"Huh...?"
"If you're by my side, nothing else matters. I don't need anything else."
Godhand reached out and took Lilly's hand.
"So... please be with me."
A bitter smile crossed Lilly's lips as she took Godhand's hand in return.
"Let's think it over together."
"What?"
"We have many days ahead of us, right? I'll adjust more to you. Whether it's having children or an elven-style wedding... I'll consider it positively. Let's think it over together."
Soon after, Lilly shook her head vehemently.
"...No. Even so, setting up a bridal room in a tree is too much. That can't happen."
"It's supposed to be really fun. There's this magnificent tree I've been eyeing on the southwest side of the city-"
"I said no! Not doing it!"
As Lilly vehemently shook her head, Godhand's face fell.
Seeing this, Lilly couldn't help but let out a laugh and leaned in closer to Godhand.
"I like you, Godhand."
"...Lady Lilly."
"I want us to get along well for a long, long time... So, you need to be careful in this upcoming battle."
Lilly exclaimed "Yah!" and clenched her fist tightly.
"If you find yourself in danger, call my name. I'll fly to your rescue. And burn all the enemies to a crisp."
Godhand let out a hearty laugh.
"I'll trust only in you, Lady Lilly."
Lilly's head then came to rest on Godhand's shoulder. Godhand gently pressed his cheek against her fiery red hair.
The lovers, leaning on each other, quietly gazed up at the stars in the southern sky.
***
...Night was passing.
Time flowed equitably for everyone.
At the forward base's makeshift barracks,
Even for Kuilan, who slept soundly, scratching his belly despite tomorrow's big battle, and the Penal Squad,
At the refugee camp in Crossroad,
For Dusk Bringar and her knights, who patrolled to ensure their people weathered the late winter night,
At the dungeon base camp,
For Verdandi and the Holy Grail Seekers, tense about joining the battle on the surface,
Near the city by Crossroad,
For Serenade and her Merchant Guild, who had arrived here following the refugee caravan,
To all the heroes, soldiers, workers, and citizens, and also.
"...Oh, God, please."
At the temple.
For Saintess Margarita, who finished her daily routine at dawn and prayed in front of the goddess statue before sleeping,
"Grant me the strength to save as many patients, as many lives as possible..."
And, again,
At the Leprosy Extermination Squad's barracks.
For Thorkell, who couldn't even remove his helmet before sleep.
Without offering his usual prayers to the goddess before a battle. Instead, he gazed up at the pallid moon until dawn.
Time flows impartially, ruthlessly fair.
And, far in the east-
The sun began to rise.
Burning away the darkness and the reprieve, the day of war... was dawning.
***
Dawn.
In the makeshift quarters of the great Goblin God-King.
"Great Kali-Alexander."
A subordinate goblin, Amir, entered just as Kali-Alexander had finished dressing in his official attire, cloak and all.
"The day of invasion is upon us."
"Hmm."
Kali-Alexander, after fastening his scimitar to his waist, nodded his head.
"Proceed."
Flutter!
As Kali-Alexander stepped out of the makeshift quarters, he found himself in the central square.
There, his legion of 50,000 was orderly and ready to march.
Thump! Thump! Thump!
The goblins simultaneously slammed their weapons into the ground. The earth trembled as the sounds of their arms striking the ground echoed in unison.
It was a chilling spectacle.
Suddenly, the faces of the sorcerer couple who had taken him in and raised him flashed through Kali-Alexander's mind.
A bitter smile flickered across Kali-Alexander's lips.
'Ah, Mother, Father.'
It would have been better if, back then, when you found me in the field, you had killed me...
Then this monster would never have been born
"To war! Slay all humans, and burn their world to ashes!"
Adjusting the helmet that combined a mask with a crown, the Goblin God-King uttered tersely.
"We were born for this very purpose."
And so, the war began.
 



Chapter 362

Before the deployment, the greatest obstacle facing the Goblin Legion was none other than Nameless.
This faded warrior, proclaiming herself the guardian of the Lake Kingdom, was a disaster to the monsters.
For the light of her sword was inherently anathema to the creatures.
She was the monster slayer who had single-handedly thwarted the creatures' invasion of humanity for the last five hundred years.
Ordinarily, other monster legions would throw their lesser creatures as bait to her, allowing only the elite forces, including their legion chiefs, to march out.
But the Goblin Legion couldn't use such tactics.
Being a legion that pushed with sheer numbers rather than having any substantial elites, and being too vast in scale.
To safely deploy, they would need a bait legion nearly the same size. If 50,000 were to march, half would be slaughtered by Nameless.
Hence, the Orc Legion was instead assigned the task to hold off Nameless, but they betrayed the Goblin Legion, and in the end, all were beheaded.
Kali-Alexander had to come up with a plan.
And so, this was the strategy devised.
"...Hm."
As the Goblin Legion set off, a flicker of interest passed through Nameless's eyes, who had stepped forward to stop them.
"Do you intend to face me directly, Greenskin?"
"It has come to that, 'Nameless One.'"
Before her stood the Goblin God-King, perched upon a mountain goat.
A unique helm that combined a crown and a mask. Leather armor and a golden cape.
Without a single escort, Kali-Alexander calmly pulled the reins of the mountain goat before the natural enemy of monsters.
"I've wanted to cross swords with you for some time."
"It seems I have become rusty to believe a mere goblin could cross swords with me..."
"You're not scared of a goblin, are you?"
"What?"
"Follow if you dare. Then, let's go!"
The mountain goat carrying Kali-Alexander bolted into the deep darkness of the Lake Kingdom.
"..."
Nameless hesitated for a moment.
The direction Kali-Alexander was fleeing was the opposite of where the Goblin Legion's main force lay.
'Is he luring me away? To separate me from his legion?'
But Nameless knew well.
The strength of the Goblin Legion was wholly reliant on the leadership of the God-King, Kali-Alexander.
Removing him would be tantamount to destroying the legion's core.
'The Nightmare Legion chief I killed will be revived by the Demon King, but in the meantime, the Goblin Legion won't be able to fight properly. If the deployment is delayed, I can eradicate the legion in the interlude...!'
The dilemma was brief, and Nameless's action was swift.
With a surge, she kicked off the ground and flew after the Goblin God-King.
Clip-clop! Clip-clop!
Kali-Alexander easily drove the goat deeper into the Lake Kingdom.
Flash!
Nameless, reading the path of the goat, fired a beam of light from her sword's tip,
But, keeeing!
Just before it could strike the Goblin God-King, the beam of light bizarrely twisted, veering off to the side.
It was the effect of the armor worn by Kali-Alexander. Nameless clicked her tongue.
"Truly, it's no empty boast to say it blocks all ranged attacks."
"Ha, if you want to kill me, you'll have to thrust your sword directly into my neck...!"
"That was precisely my intent!"
Nameless closely pursued the Goblin God-King, who continued deeper into the darkness.
Her speed rivaled that of a warhorse, and she quickly closed in on the Goblin God-King.
'Just one more step-!'
The Goblin God-King came within striking distance. Nameless swiftly thrust her sword to strike.
But at that moment,
Click!
Crack!
Goblin soldiers poured out of the surrounding darkness.
It was an ambush. From the start, the Goblin God-King had hidden his soldiers here to lure Nameless.
However,VIssịT n0(v)eL/b(i)(n).𝘤𝑜𝓂 for the best novel reading experience
"Pathetic!"
Thwack! Swoosh!
Nameless effortlessly sliced through the goblin soldiers' necks with her light swordplay.
From the outset, it was impossible for mere goblins to stop her. Any attempt at stalling was over in an instant.
After finishing off dozens of goblins, Nameless hastily lifted her head.
'Where's the Goblin God-King?'
Clip-clop! Clip-clop!
"Krik, krik!"
She caught a glimpse of the Goblin God-King scurrying away into the imminent darkness. Nameless once again kicked off the ground.
There were a few more ambushes, but Nameless breezed through them all, and finally.
"Got you!"
She successfully pounced on the Goblin God-King's back.
Sshhkt!
The goat that was slashed by Nameless's sword spilled blood and collapsed, and the body of the Goblin God-King riding it rolled powerlessly to the ground.
Approaching the pitifully sprawled Goblin God-King, Nameless sensed something was off.
"...No way."
Ripping off the goblin's helmet in haste, perplexity flitted across Nameless's face.
"Krik, krik!"
The goblin face, sporting a taunting smirk, bore a unique tattoo.
Goblin Amir.
Ten elite monsters who shadowed the God-King like a specter, marked by a tattoo granted only to them.
Somehow, this Goblin Amir had been switched in place of the God-King.
"When did they...!"
Nameless clenched her teeth.
It had definitely been the Goblin God-King at first. But in the midst of ambushes and escapes in the darkness, the God-King had slipped away, and a substituted minion had lured her into the shadows.
"Krik, krik, you've been properly fooled, stupid human..."
Pfft!
The head of the Goblin Amir, about to spew some gibberish, dropped along with a spurt of green blood.
Flicking the blood from her sword, Nameless abruptly turned around. She was now far away from the central plaza where the initial confrontation took place.
Moreover, the place where this goblin had lured her was the base of another monstrous legion.
The maritime monster legion, sensing the intrusion of 'Nameless,' began to rise from their places, emitting ominous groans.
Nameless clenched her teeth.
"To fall for such a basic trap...!"
***
"Phew, that was chilling."
Driving the goats back to the central plaza, Kali-Alexander brushed his chest as he spoke.
It had been Kali-Alexander himself who had first faced Nameless, switching with a subordinate midway. Otherwise, Nameless would not have been deceived.
Using subordinates dressed just like himself to trick the enemy was a deception tactic he'd enjoyed even in his living days.
His Goblin Amirs, who could be considered his direct subordinates and field commanders, were all equipped identically.
They were capable of mimicking him on command.
It had worked splendidly this time, and it would take Nameless a significant amount of time to return here after being lured so far away.
It had been somewhat risky, but the outcome was successful.
'Even so, we won't be able to buy a lot of time... We must finish the deployment to the surface quickly during this interval.'
With that thought, Kali-Alexander returned to the central plaza, where his legion was in the process of emerging from the lake.
The goblin legion, divided into vanguards, main force, and rearguards, had just finished deploying the vanguard, and now the main force was about to leave the lake.
"...?"
Kali-Alexander sensed something was amiss.
He urgently shouted.
"All troops, halt-!"
Thud!
The legion's soldiers stopped their march and stood at attention.
A Goblin Amir, commanding the main force, hurriedly approached Kali-Alexander.
"Krik, great Kali-Alexander. What is the matter?"
"...Something feels off."
Kali-Alexander furrowed his brow beneath his mask, surveying his legion.
He tried to locate the source of his unease, and eventually, he found it.
"Any word from the vanguard?"
"Kirik? Yes?"
"Shouldn't the vanguard report the safety of the path to the rearguard? Was there any contact?"
"Kirik, ah, there wasn't... But perhaps it's simply because we're too close. We must regroup at the entrance to the lake..."
"It's not a matter of distance. We should have received reports at regular intervals."
Goblins are low in intelligence.
Yet they carry out well-trained tasks with thoroughness.
Kali-Alexander had applied strict military discipline to his army, and the goblins were proficient at functioning like machines.
Included in this was the basic wartime protocol.
The vanguard must report the safety of the path to the rearguard at regular intervals. Unless they were annihilated, it was mandatory...
"...Could it be."
Kali-Alexander drove his mountain goat towards the front of the main force.
A transparent path connected from the gates of the Lake Kingdom to the lake's surface.
Kali-Alexander, stopping the mountain goat just below the surface, gestured to a goblin soldier in front.
"You there, go up onto the surface."
"Kirik!"
The goblin soldier climbed onto the surface without a moment's hesitation and then,
Flash!
He vanished as if sucked in.
A shocked Kali-Alexander hastily retreated his mountain goat.
"...This isn't the lake's surface."
Beyond the sunlit, rippling water, a swirling light of magic overlapped.
Realizing what it was, Kali-Alexander muttered in disbelief.
"This is, the entrance to a teleport gate...!"
***
"The goblins have finally caught on, it seems."
Atop the forward base's walls.
I peered through my telescope towards the black lake and clicked my tongue, stepping back.
The number of enemies listed in the information window was rapidly decreasing, and simultaneously, the kill count had abruptly stopped rising.
It seemed the creatures had noticed.
My secret trap installed on the surface of the black lake.
A teleport gate of exceptional size.
Groaning!
Consuming dozens of magic cores and several carts' worth of magic stones, the teleport gate installed level with the surface of the black lake was functioning well.
The vanguard of the goblin legion was entirely sucked into this teleport gate and disappeared.
'Coco the Severer definitely said this before.'
- For this reason, beings that originate from nightmares cannot use teleport magic. If they enter a teleport gate, they'll be swept away to the far side of 'the beyond'.
That's right.
Monsters are sent flying to 'the beyond' if they use teleport magic. Hence, they cannot use teleport gates.
And upon hearing this, I thought to myself.
'If I could somehow get these bastards inside a teleport gate, wouldn't I be handing them a one-way ticket to hell?'
I might not know exactly what 'the beyond' refers to, but isn't it something akin to the afterlife?
Rules are all about how you interpret them.
That's how this trap was planned.
The black lake's surface itself ripples with magical energy, brimming and shining.
In a place where the concentration of magic power is suffocatingly dense, placing a teleport gate doesn't even make it noticeable.
Moreover, the surface seen from beneath the lake teems with light.
Even if the unique magical light of a teleport gate flickers a bit more, its not easy to catch on.
- I need a very, very large teleport gate. Granny Coco.
That's why I ordered this last time. A teleport gate of exceptional size.
Several gates, many times larger than the standard ones, were manufactured and installed parallel to the lake's surface.
Of course, the black lake is vast, and covering the entire thing with gates is impossible.
But the points from which the monsters emerged were fixed, so there was no lack in covering just those areas.
And so, the result.
[Enemy Information - STAGE 15]
- Lv.?? Goblin God-King: 1
- Lv.?? Elite Goblin Amir: 5 (Kill Counts: 1)
- Lv.35 Elite Goblin Janissaries: 1,710 (Kill Counts: 300)
- Lv.15 Goblin: 30,360 (Kill Counts: 15,520)
Amir and the Janissaries were somewhat reduced from what the initial enemy information suggested, due to some incident underground, but no matter. What's important is the kill count for the regular goblins.
15,000!
One third of the enemy goblins hadn't even seen the light of day above ground before they were cleanly melted away.
It was quite a splendid start to the defense.
"It's just the beginning, you fucks."
I gritted my teeth and cracked my knuckles.
"Not a single one will be left untouched, I'll devour you all...!"
 



Chapter 363

At the entrance to the Black Lake.
The Goblin Legion had surfaced from the depths, avoiding the usual routes frequented by monsters and circumventing the teleportation gate traps.
Once the troops regrouped outside the lake, Kali-Alexander wasted no time in attacking the teleportation gate.
Success came as they shattered the gate covering the lake's entrance.
Only then could the forces retreat in proper order.
"Sigh..."
Surveying the significantly diminished legion, Kali-Alexander let out a sigh, not one of lament but of relief.
"Fortune smiles upon us."
A full third of their forces had been senselessly lost from the onset.
It was a devastating loss, yet Kali-Alexander's thoughts were contrary.
"Had I led the legion from the front as usual, we would have been ensnared by that trap without fail."
If the Orc Legion hadn't rebelled.
If Nameless had been properly marked by the Orc Legion as planned.
If the Goblin Legion had mobilized as usual. If Kali-Alexander, as was his custom, had led his kin from the front.
They would have advanced to the surface, oblivious to the trap, and been sucked into the teleportation gate, meeting a screaming demise.
Without their leader, the Goblin Legion would have disintegrated like a flock of lost migratory birds, as they had hundreds of years ago.
"How unpredictable life is, to turn a misfortune into a blessing."
The Orc Legion had rebelled,
A void was left in the forces meant to mark Nameless,
Necessitating Kali-Alexander himself to lure out Nameless,
Preventing him from taking the lead, and thus, avoiding the trap.
A series of coincidences allowed Kali-Alexander to survive the human trap. The conquest war continues.
And for this, the lives of fifteen thousand common goblin soldiers were a trifling price to pay.
The entire legion nearly perished to this one trap.
When shaking off Nameless at close quarters, a primal fear chilled him to the bone.
But this time, the impact of Ash's trap felt different. The lack of reality meant the shock didn't fully register.
As he barely accepted the absence of the vanished troops in his mind, a sharp pain raced through his head.
Knowing our monsters couldn't use the teleportation gate, to flip it on us instead...
Kali-Alexander looked north.
The humans' forward base was visible not far away. The enemy commander who had set this trap would be there.
...You'll do anything to win, wont you, Ash?
But, however.
Ash's strategies and tactics, though they may twist and overturn the rules, did not abandon them. In the end, they still operated within the existing rules.
Still human, after all.
I wonder, Ash. To protect your world... how much further can you go?
Stepping over the debris of the destroyed teleportation gate, Kali-Alexander pondered.
The face of the enemy commander who recited poetry to him.
The tender expression of the young man who still bore the warmth of humanity.
For your world, for your kin, can you... become like me? To wallow in the mire, to bury your soul in darkness, to become a monster?
Now he would learn the answer.
Whether the last guardian of human lineage who knows the beauty of poetry can remain human to the end, or...
Behind his mask, the Goblin God-King sneered bitterly.
And he swung his arm wide.
"Entire army, fall in! We march northward-!"
***
The sound of the horn blares harshly across the land.
The goblins are preparing to advance. With a bitter taste in my mouth, I lowered the telescope from my eyes.
The supersized teleportation gate we'd toiled to install at the lake's entrance over the past weeks was completely destroyed.
But it was a profitable deal. Not a single soldier was injured, and with just the investment of money and manpower, we were able to annihilate 15,000 goblins.
'I do regret not being able to take down more of their elite forces.'
However, fretting over missed opportunities won't make up for the loss of points that aren't there. The task at hand is to repel the remaining enemies with maximum efficiency.
"All troops, prepare for a defensive battle!"
I surveyed my heroes and soldiers lined up on the walls and shouted.
"Do as we've trained!"
The heroes clutching their weapons and the soldiers who had finished loading the cannons and artifacts looked at me with tense faces.
"After pouring out all our firepower! Once the goblin scum breach our defenses and reach the forward base, everyone will retreat through the teleport gates to Crossroad!"
The strategy here is simple.
We deal as much damage as we can, then abandon the forward base entirely and retreat.
Since we're going to retreat anyway, there's no point in holding back.
Fire the cannons until the barrels melt down, shoot the ballistae until the bowstrings snap, and activate the artifacts until the magic cores shatter.
"When I give the signal, begin a barrage! Got it?"
"Yes!"
"Good! Prepare for battle-!"
"Prepare for battle-!"
"Wait for His Majesty's signal-!"
The soldiers relayed my command with resounding voices.
I looked southward again. Now, even a telescope was unnecessary. I could clearly see the teeming green wave approaching.
Thump! Thump! Thump!
The march was on.
The army of Greenskins.
Packed tightly on the roads, they spilled over like a breach in a dike, a flood of water pouring out.
'...Despite taking out 15,000, they're still this many?'
As a child, I used to read "The Romance of the Three Kingdoms," which often mentioned armies in the hundreds of thousands.
Before coming to this world, I somewhat underestimated the scale of a few thousand, a few ten thousand troops.
But once I arrived in this world and stood on the battlefield, I realized the truth.
A few thousand is an enormous number. The sheer size is suffocating.
And a few tens of thousands? It's an insane number that fills your entire field of vision.
Thump! Thump! Thump!
A goblin legion of 32,000.
The enemy intel didn't list them accurately, but a standard goblin legion consists of various types of troops.
Archers armed with crossbows.
Spearmen gripping long spears.
Cavalry mounted on goats.
Charioteers drawn by massive buffalo.
And the most numerous, shield troops with shields as large as themselves in formation.
The goblin Janissaries are scattered among them, led by the goblin Amirs, who are commanded by the Goblin God-King.
Booooom!
Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump! Thump!
Kicking up a storm of dust, they quickly positioned themselves to the southwest, south, and southeast of the forward base.
I had thought they would just rush in recklessly, but they didn't. These creatures knew how to exercise their rights as attackers.
The right to choose the timing of the attack.
They plan to enter after completely organizing their siege camp.
"..."
Suddenly, I remembered back to Stage 2.
The defense against a swarm of 3,000 rats. That time when the Margrave of Crossroad had thrown his life away to protect the city.
Since then, we've developed overwhelmingly, both in quality and quantity.
Butwhat's gotten stronger is also true for the monsters.
Watching them equip themselves with fine gear and forming their attack lines in an orderly manner, I couldn't help but mutter.
"Shit, why are you guys playing a different game..."
This is a defense game, you monsters. Don't enjoy your strategy simulations amongst yourselves...!
Then, a different sound came from the ranks of the creatures.
Dong! Dong! Dong!
The sound of drums.
Suddenly, the goblin camp fell eerily silent, then,
Whoosh!
The Goblin God-King standing at their center swung his arm.
Following this gesture, their flags fluttered, and
Booooom!
A horn sounded, longer and more majestic than ever before, filling the battlefield.
It was the signal.
Kyyyyaaaaah!
Krreek! Kiririk!
With horrific screams, goblin legions surged from three directions in the south all at once.
The discipline they had maintained until now was not characteristic of goblins at all. This was their true nature.
Their eyes burning red with the intent to kill, they rushed towards the frail walls that shielded humans, eager to slaughter
Tens of thousands of goblins in a great horde began to flood toward the small forward base like a tsunami.
"..."
I'll admit it.
For a moment, I froze.
I was struck dumb by the sight of these monstrous bastards creating waves and rushing towards us.
Could we really take them down with a normal exchange of blows? That was the first thought that circled my head.
Can we win?L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎
Really?
Against this number?
"Master!"
Lucas called out to me urgently, and jolted back to my senses, I swung my arm forward, a half-beat too late, but hastily.
"Turn these monsters into meat scraps! All troops! Fireeee!"
My heroes and soldiers had also been frozen.
But while people may freeze, machines operate just fine.
Click.
The vanguard of the Goblin legion stepped on a mine we had laid.
Boom!
With a spectacular explosion, the green monsters were blown to bits, scattering in all directions. This first blast served as the signal.
"Fire!"
"Fire!"
We hadn't brought many regular soldiers to the forward base. It was a retreat operation anyway, and too many would be cumbersome.
Bang! Bang!
Boom boom boom!
I had brought skilled artillery and archers, seasoned from numerous defenses. The soldiers fired cannons and ballistae smoothly.
Ziiiiing!
Artifacts densely installed along the forward base walls all emitted light simultaneously.
They were mostly N-grade and R-grade artifacts, which are a bit more expendable, but when you have dozens of them, it's a different story.
The artifacts spat fire, shot ice, buffed our firepower, and debuffed the enemy.
And then, the hero parties.
Tatatatatata!
The Shadow Squad fiercely launched explosive arrows and spears.
Thwack! Thwack thwack!
The Holy Grail Seekers, all five armed with longbows, released arrows without pause.
Bang! Bang! Bang bang bang...!
Damien's sniper party, all armed with magical guns, laid down a barrage of fire.
Lastly,
Tatatatatatadong!
My defense towers, automatic turrets that I had installed.
Firepower, firepower, firepower! More firepower!
The Korean military traditionally obsesses over firepower. I, too, carry that bloodline and share the sentiment.
I prefer to sweep them all away with overwhelming firepower before the enemy can even approachcrossfire.
But, yet
'There's too many.'
Fuck.
'Too many.'
It's a mad number's violence.
The goblins' eyes turned a bloody red, drooling from their mouthsthey meticulously maintained formation, neatly marching towards the forward base walls.
Our firepower was tremendous. Each time the turrets fired and the heroes unleashed their skills, monsters burst by the dozens and fell.
Butthere are more behind them.
Tens of thousands more.
Undeterred by death, scattering red murderous intentthese nimble creatures swiftly surged toward the forward base.
"These motherfuckers..."
Biting down hard, my lips trembled slightly before I twisted them into a smile.
"Do you know one of the greatest thrills of a defense game...?"
There are many thrills in defense games, but one of them is.
"Defending the line until the very end with precise hits, you monstrous brats...!"
Just before the monster wave could touch the gates.
It was all about breaking them down with sharp damage calculations...!
"Junior-!"
I looked back at the party of mages, still conserving their strength amidst the chaos.
"It's time to show the true essence of the mage party! Are you ready?!"
Junior and the young mages under her command nodded in unison.
It was time for the fantasy world's strategic weapons to unleash their power.
 



Chapter 364

Junior's party consisted of five mages.
Junior, an SSR-grade mage, and two R-grade and two N-grade mages.
The gap between the well-equipped and awakened Junior and the rest, who had barely mastered the basic skills, was stark.
But even the least among them was still a mage.
And when five mages gather, they could literally shake heaven and earth with their combined power.
The four mages, excluding Junior, each unleashed their elemental magic.
"Ooh-"
"Wow-"
"Ah-!"
With the faint battle cries of the young boy and girl mages, their spells chaotically struck the southern field.
Flames, whirlwinds, fierce streams of water, and rocks rained down in disarray.
Boom! Bam!
In the face of such magic, even the Goblin shieldbearers' defenses were useless, and where each spell struck, dozens of Goblins fell like flies.
However, after a short barrage, the young mages were panting and had to step back, seemingly having reached their limit due to their low levels.
Then, finally, Junior stepped forward.
"Huff..."
Taking in a deep breath, Junior thrust forward her staff.
Junior was an Elemental Sorcerer.
A mage capable of controlling all elements of magic.
While she excelled in her innate elementswater, wind, and electricityshe wasn't incapable of handling others.
Especially when the other mages had laid the groundwork like this!
"Grrr-!"
Junior's eyes widened with determination, and the magical atoms that filled the field began to move in an intricate dance.
The elements of fire (), wind (), water (), earth (), and then
Rumble, rumbling...
Flash!
Lightning ()!
The very element Junior inherited from Jupiter, the lightning, joined in!
The five magical elements intertwined and synergized, fusing together magically, and then, moments later.
Boom!
A terrifying explosion ensued.
The field before the forward base turned into a wasteland. At least hundreds of Goblins caught within the range were instantly reduced to ashes.
The aftermath of the explosion, with its flames and residual heat, made the area difficult to approach.
This was the power of a mage.
A walking bombardment, a living tactical missile!
Any formidable monster legion would have been nearly annihilated by such a combined attack, as hundreds were incinerated.
But
Creak...
Click! Click!
They were Goblins.
Creatures accustomed to using their sheer numbers as a weapon.
And they had spread out their formation in anticipation of such an attack.
It wasn't enough to break the vanguard of these creatures...!
As the field rippled with the heat of magic, the dispersed Goblin horde didn't stop; they continued their charge.
After firing her big shot, Junior started to recharge her magical power, and in the meantime, I called upon my next missile.
"Damien. It's your turn!"
"Got it!"
Damien immediately dropped his magic rifle and drew the 'Black Queen.'
Damien had two area-of-effect abilities.
His ultimate skill, 'Showdown,' and the railgun mode of the 'Black Queen.'
This time, 'Showdown' was sealed offnot because it was ineffectual, but because the number of enemies was too great.
'Showdown' shoots a magical bullet that targets all enemies and allies within sight, attacking the enemies and healing allies.
However, the total amount of magic power Damien could expend was finite, so the more targets he acquired, the more his bullets would fragment, reducing their power.
With the Goblin legion numbering over 30,000, using 'Showdown' would split Damien's magical power into 30,000 shotsa futile act.
It would only result in draining his magic power and becoming combat ineffective.
So the second option it is'Black Queen'!
Damien prepared by fitting on the heat-resistant gloves and drew out a pristine magic rifle, clutching it to his chest.
"Nightmare Slayer mode, engage."
Click, click!
The barrel transformed whimsically before finally forming two long rails.
"Set it to maximum power."
Fizz, fizzzzzz...!
Seven magic bullets condensed into one large one, trembling with sparks of electricity between the two rails.
Magical currents sparked between the rails, signaling the completion of the firing preparations. Damien signaled to me with a glance, and I nodded in response.
"Fire away!"
"Got it!"
Damien's finger pulled the trigger.
BOOM-!
With an immense gunshot, the magic bullet was fired.
Shattering the barrel of [Black Queen], the magic bullet pierced straight through the depth of the Goblin Legion.
Every goblin in its path was torn to shreds. Instantly, the Goblin Legion was split in two along the trajectory of the magic bullet.
Not just the front-line goblin soldiers, but also the officers in the rear were swept away by this sniper shot.
The kill count of the Goblin Janissaries soared in a single breath.
But, as before...
I couldn't help but repeat the same words as with Junior earlier.
They were goblins, creatures who wielded life as a weapon in their war of attrition, and had spread their formation wide in anticipation of our artillery.
Still, it wasn't enough to break their spearhead...!
Click! Click-click-click!
As if no gap had ever been created, the green wave filled in their casualties and surged forward again.
Within the barricades, stone walls, traps, mines, and the kill zone we had set up-
They died, died, and died again, climbing over the bodies that piled on the ground.
By the time the kill count exceeded a thousand, the vanguard of the Goblin Legion had reached the southern walls.
Ssshhhing-!
Melee heroes on standby for close combat drew their weapons.
Lucas's party. Evangeline's party. The Leprosy Extermination Squad. And Dusk Bringar with the Dragonblood Knights.
Just before they plunged into battle with the goblins that had crowded right up to them-
"Your Majesty!"
A scout's urgent report came in.
Looking in that direction, a scout peering through a telescope at a different bearing shouted.
"They are flanking us-!"
"...!"
I picked up my telescope to look in the direction pointed out by the scout.
Clip-clop! Clip-clop-!
The sight of Goblin Cavalry maneuvering around to the east of the forward base and flanking us became visible. The number of the brutes riding roughshod was in the thousands.
"Your Majesty! To the west as well!"
Another scout reported, and I turned my telescope in that direction.
Rum-rum-rum-rum-rum-!
Charioteers.
Goblins riding chariots pulled by massive beasts came into view. Their scale was significant as well.
'Tch!'
I had had a rough time with werewolves during Stage 10, so I never thought they would honestly just attack from the south.
Especially since this time the opponent was the Goblin God-King. Among the monsters, it was one known for its cunning.
I had kept it in mind, but to attack the rear so textbook perfectly...
'The walls of the forward base are not high.'
We'd reinforced them diligently, but in the end, it was merely a base, not a fortress. And our numbers were not great.
Even the cavalry and chariots could neutralize the walls.
Distracting with infantry like shield soldiers while sending in the high-impact cavalry and charioteers in a flanking maneuver was textbook and effective tactics.
'From ancient times to the modern era, the basics of tactics can ultimately be explained simply.'
Anvil and Hammer.
The defense force (Anvil) withstands the enemy's attacks while the mobile attack force (Hammer) moves to strike the enemy's rear.
Shield and spear. Infantry and cavalry. Tank and DPS...
Even as a gamer who's clueless about military strategy, I could recognize the fundamental, textbook tactics effective in any game for managing troops effectively.
And thenthe Goblin Legion's anvil was deep and firm.
Their infantry units, despite being torn to shreds by our crossfire, somehow managed to hold their ground.
No, it was more than just holding onthey were right under our chins, intact.
And now, the Goblin Legion's hammer was approaching from behind.
They were positioning our chin on the anvil to strike us on the back of the head with a hammer.
"Entire army!"
What choice did we have?
"We retreat!"
Better to flee before getting hammered.
"Through the Teleport Gate, back to Crossroad!"Yôur favorite 𝒏ovels at n/𝒐(v)el/bin(.)com
"...!"
"Begin the retreat with the regular soldiers! Immediately! Execute the order!"
Some of the heroes and soldiers looked at me with surprised eyes. A retreat sooner than planned could be confusing.
But that was how swift their advance and flanking had been.
To escape unscathed as per our initial plan, we needed to start retreating now.
Boom! Bam!
With one last barrage from the cannons and ballistae, and firing off the artifacts.
Swoosh!
Whoosh!
We poured oil and lit the equipment on fire, ensuring it wouldn't fall into enemy hands, and the soldiers began to rush back inside the forward base.
Watching them, I turned my head to the side. Dusk Bringar flashed her sharp teeth in a grin.
"Do you finally need my help?"
"Yes. Your Grace, I leave it to you."
"Haha, just leave it to me!"
Dusk Bringar, standing atop the wall with a smirk, took a deep breath, and then,
"Lie down, you worms!"
She let out a thundering lion's roar.
Dragon Roar!
The prerogative of the top predator dragons. Merely with their growling, the victims freeze in terror.
Creak?!
Squeak!
Thud!
The Goblins within range of the Dragon Roar dropped their weapons and lay flat on the ground. The effect was undeniable.
'Good, this buys us more time.'
I looked back at the heroes and nodded.
"Let's retreat!"
The hero parties also started running towards the Teleport Gate.
The Teleport Gate set up in the central courtyard of the forward base was activated, emitting light.
Most of the soldiers had already escaped.
Lucas pointed inside the gate.
"My liege. Please go ahead."
"No, I'll be the last to..."
"My liege."
Lucas insisted with a stern face.
"Please go ahead."
"..."
It wasn't a situation for stubbornness. I nodded and threw myself into the Teleport Gate.
Flash!
Once the teleportation was complete, it was the Crossroad barracks. Soldiers who had arrived earlier were lined up under their superiors' orders, checking numbers.
Flash! Flash!
After I passed through, the remaining members kept returning one by one through the teleport.
Damien's sniper party and Junior's mage party were the first to return.
After them, Dusk Bringar and the Dragonblood Knights, Evangeline's party, and then Lucas's party returned in order.
And then, a moment of silence.
I furrowed my brow and looked towards the gate. What's going on.
"Why aren't the remaining people coming back..."
Crash!
Before I could finish, a noisy commotion ensued as bandaged, bulky mercenaries rolled out from the gate.
The tank party, the Leprosy Extermination Squad, assigned to the rear guard, had returned.
Their leader, Torkel, shook off the green blood and soot from his body.
"...Just barely made it. Right before we entered the gate, the Goblin Legion broke into the fortress... We barely escaped before being caught."
"Well done, Torkel. Alright, does that mean everyone has returned?"
As I checked the faces of the returned heroes, I suddenly stopped.
"...Wait a minute."
Only then did the other heroes notice the anomaly, their expressions hardening one by one.
After checking the number of heroes and soldiers once more, I muttered reluctantly.
"Where did the Shadow Squad go?"
 



Chapter 365

A moment ago.
With Ash's order to retreat issued, the general soldiers began their withdrawal.
"Phew! Does this mean today's battle is over?"
"Seems like it, doesn't it?"
A female shield warrior and a male hunter looked at each other and grinned.
This couple were mercenaries temporarily assigned to the Shadow Squad and happened to be husband and wife.
The middle-aged woman was an experienced warrior wielding a large shield and mace, and the middle-aged man was a seasoned hunter, adept with hounds, traps, and bows.
The couple chuckled as they watched the rest of the Shadow Squad members follow suit.
"You three elves really went through a lot today."
"Do you always unleash such incredible firepower every battle? Its impressive! Promise me you'll give me archery lessons later!"
Godhand, Burnout, and Bodybag smiled awkwardly. It was clear they were still getting used to this friendly yet forward couple.
The couple lived in a forest right next to the Elven Autonomous Region, which was why they didn't harbor any dislike towards elves.
Recognizing this trait, Ash had placed the couple within the Shadow Squad as temporary members, which allowed these five to operate smoothly as one party.
"Let's hurry back and start with lunch. I'm starving to death."
"Geez, this lady here, move a little and it's all about food, always food."
"Eating heartily gives you strength. Arent we mercenaries all powered by our meals? Don't you elves think the same?"
"It's true that we're moved by 'food power', but why am I always the one preparing it?"
"This old man, here he goes again. Didnt you insist on cooking because you said my food was tasteless?"
While bickering amongst themselves, the two humans addressed the three elves.
"Right, let's all have a meal together when we get back."
"Yeah, yeah! It's a battle worth commemorating, isnt it? Let's eat together. I can make a meal at least more edible than this lady here."
"Yeah. My old man may be useless at night but hes a genius when it comes to meals! Hahaha!"
"This... This woman, there's nothing she won't say in front of others!"
The elves looked at each other awkwardly as the couple bantered back and forth. Godhand, with a forced smile, spoke on behalf of the elves.
"Then lets have lunch together."
"That's right, that's right! Fighting together and eating together! That's how you build camaraderie. Isn't that right? So dear, please grill some meat, it's been a while."
"It's been a while my foot, we had it just yesterday... Ah, don't worry about it, elves. Ill only feed this lady meat, Ill prepare a delicious salad for you."
The couple laughed good-naturedly.
The elves, who had been a bit standoffish, were making a significant step towards friendship with the offer of a shared meal.
The Shadow Squad was preparing to retreat in a much more relaxed atmosphere.
That's when it happened.
"Get down, you vermin-!"
A resounding young girl's cry shook the battlefield.
It was Dusk Bringars Dragon Roar, used to intimidate the goblin legion and buy time for the retreat.
They had been forewarned of its use and, thanks to Ashs passive skill [Unyielding Commander], the heroes were completely immune to the Dragon Roar's fear-inducing effects.
But an entirely unexpected problem arose.
Squeak, squeeeak!
The hunting dog that the hunter husband had brought along panicked from the Dragon Roar.
It wasn't affected by fear status, but the call of a top predator instinctively made the hunting dog bolt in fright.
The movement was so sudden that the husband inadvertently let go of the leash.
"Oh dear, Bucky! The poor thing mustve gotten a fright. Bucky!"
The hunting dog crawled under the stone wall at the corner of the advance base, shivering uncontrollably. The husband rushed toward the dog in haste.
Cradling the large dog as if it were a child, the husband lifted it. Watching this, the wife shook her head in disapproval.
"Why would you bring such a dog all the way here..."
"Hey, my Bucky is one with me. What's more precious to a hunter than his hunting dog?"
"Cherishing a dog more than your wife, really. I wish you'd care for me even half as much as that dog."
"Well, why don't you act as cute as this dog half the time!"
The husband, a hunter, grinned while embracing the dog.
At that moment,
Boom!
The stone wall behind the husband exploded.
Both the husband and the hunting dog were buried under the collapsed wall.
The situation unfolded so suddenly that both the wife and the elves from the Shadow Squad were momentarily stunned, watching the spectacle.
Creek, creaaak...!Gêtt the latest ch𝒂pters on n𝒐/velbin(.)com
Goblins began to crawl one by one through the rubble of the fallen wall.
Goblins do not use siege weapons. They're too heavy and, more importantly, too complex for goblins to operate.
Instead, goblins have a specialized corps of soldiers to conduct sieges more simply and efficiently.
This corps was known as the 'Suicide Bombers'.
They would strap bombs to themselves, approach the walls, and then ignite themselves.
It was a cost-effective and efficient way to destroy gates and walls compared to siege engines.
Given the disposable nature of the goblin legions and their disregard for life, it was a tactic they could afford to employ.
Bang! Boom!
The suicide bombing began around the gate, and various sections of the wall started to crumble.
The bombs were crude, but as their numbers grew, the walls quickly sustained damage.
The husband had been caught in the first wave of these suicide attacks.
"Honey!"
Amid the echoing explosions, the wife ran towards the fallen wall a beat too late.
"These bastards!"
Thump! Thud!
Her mace sprayed green blood as she crushed the goblins that were scaling the wall to infiltrate the advance base, then turned around and shouted.
"Help me!"
"...!"
At that moment, Godhand looked back.
The advance base, now bereft of its defense forces, was rapidly being overrun by goblins.
The gate had been breached by the suicide bombers, walls had collapsed, and the green monstrosities were pouring in.
A few remaining hero parties could be seen escaping through the teleport gates. Time was running out.
"Please, save my husband!"
The wife's plea was desperate. Godhand clenched his eyes shut.
"...We'll extract him from the debris quickly and retreat immediately. Understand?"
"Yes!"
Bodybag responded sharply, and Burnout nodded as well.
The three rushed to the wall and frantically cleared the debris. Thanks to Bodybag being a psychokinetic, the rescue progressed swiftly.
Fortunately, the hunting dog was bloodied but not gravely injured, and while the husband's arm was crushed, his life was not in danger.
Thump! Thud!
After swinging her mace mightily, crushing a few more goblins, the wife helped her husband to his feet.
"You fool! Get up, hurry!"
"Ow, go gently... gently. No one died, at least!"
"If we don't escape now, we'll all be dead! Run even if it hurts!"
Flash!
The last party was seen escaping. By now, the area around the teleport gate was swarming with goblins.
"Let's gooo!"
The wife roared mightily as she charged.
She paved the way forward, swinging her mace and shield, followed by three elves who unleashed a barrage of arrows and javelins.
Whiz!
The husband, staggering yet following, whistled commands to the hunting dog, which, despite being bloodied, agilely tore at the goblins with its teeth.
Crushing the goblins, Shadow Squad reached the teleport gate.
The first to arrive was a wife who turned back with a bright smile and began to speak.
"Thank you so much. Thanks to you, I've survived..."
Boom!
She couldn't finish her sentence.
A cannonball from the ramparts had struck the gate directly.
With a terrible explosion, the gate shattered into pieces, and the wife was left bloodied, rolling on the ground.
Godhand, shocked, looked up at the ramparts, where Goblin Archers were stationed.
They had redirected the cannon on the ramparts to fire in this direction.
Despite pouring oil and setting them ablaze to prevent the goblins from using them, a few cannons were still operable.
Even ablaze, the cannons continued to spew cannonballs.
Boom! The thunderous explosion...
The teleport gate in the central courtyard was utterly destroyed.
"Ugh...!"
Through the haze of smoke and dust, Godhand quickly made a decision.
He ran into a corridor leading to an interior building of the forward base and hid, with Bodybag and Burnout closely following him.
The three elves concealed themselves in the shadows. However, the warrior wife and hunter husband could not do so.
"Kr, hah... Ahh!"
Engulfed in the blast and covered in burns, the wife staggered to her feet.
Goblin soldiers, with eyes glowing red, rushed towards her.
Thump! Thump, thump!
The goblins' spears and swords pierced her thighs and side.
The wife swung her mace, spewing blood, but the speed and power she once had were gone.
Creak, creak!
The goblins sneered at her dull movements, pulling their spear-swords from her body only to stab her again. Thump! Thump, thump...
"Ah..."
With spears and swords embedded all over her body, the wife slowly collapsed. The life faded from her eyes as she hit the dirt.
Around her fallen body, the goblin soldiers jumped joyously.
The goblins lifted their spear-swords to mutilate her corpse.
Whizz-!
Just then, a whistle sounded.
Simultaneously, a hound rushed in, savagely biting at the goblins' throats.
Following through the smoke came the husband hunter, shooting his crossbow in all directions.
Goblin soldiers fell, spilling blood, but there were far more goblins standing than those fallen.
The hound fought bravely, the opposite of its flight during the Dragon's Roar.
As the partner of a hero hunter, it was faster and stronger than the average wolf.
However, injured by the collapsed stone wall, it was slower than usual, and there were simply too many enemies.
When the exhausted hound, having killed the eighth goblin, paused for a moment, arrows precisely aimed at it flew from the ramparts.
Thump, thump!
The dog, though wearing a leather armor, couldn't block all the arrows. It was filled with arrows.
The husband, with his good arm, continued to shoot the crossbow, threw smoke traps, scattered caltrops, and stabbed approaching goblins with the dagger in his mouth, making his way to his wife.
"...Damn woman."
But the wife had already bled out and died.
"You asked for lunch. And now you're sleeping again. Always oversleeping."
Kneeling beside her, the husband with a crushed hand gently closed her staring eyes.
He murmured in a choked voice.
"Always oversleeping..."
Creak...
At that moment, the hound limped up beside the husband, whimpering softly. The husband, looking at his dog, noticed the arrows lodged all over its body.
"I'm sorry, Bucky. Daddy's sorry..."
The husband, sitting down to face his suffering dog, clenched the dagger in his hand.
Thump...
The husband embraced his dog, thrusting a dagger into its neck.
It was to hasten the end of its pain. The hound passed away in peace, without a sound.
'...'
After surveying the bodies of his wife and dog, the hunter slowly lifted his head.
Clip-clop, clip-clop...
A goblin riding a mountain goat had entered the now-silent forward base.
Wearing a helmet that was a combination of a mask and crown, and a golden cape billowing...
Kali-Alexander, without a word, drove the goat to the hunter's side and drew a scimitar from his waist.
Clang-!
And cleanly severed the head.
The hunter's body, now without a head, collapsed limply to the side. Kali-Alexander, who had flicked the scimitar to rid it of blood, spoke up.
"Damage report?"
A goblin aide quickly replied beside him.
"Kirik! One hundred Janissaries. Eighteen hundred regular soldiers."
"We lost two thousand, and they only two?"
After a fleeting glance at the two fallen human heroes, Kali-Alexander whipped his head around.
"It seems humans are making active use of the teleport gates. Destroy any of these stone structures on sight."
"Kirik, yes."
"Good, and..."
Kali-Alexander's masked helmet fixated on the deeper parts of the forward base.
"Take complete control of this facility and search it thoroughly."
The shoulders of the three Shadow Squad members, crouched in the darkness and holding their breath, witnessing this scene, twitched.
"...It seems there might be more rats hiding."
 



Chapter 366

Before my eyes, the magical portal that had been spinning around abruptly glowed red and then collapsed shut.
It meant the gate on the other side had been destroyed. I clenched my teeth.
"Who was the last to see the Shadow Squad?"
"Tha-that is..."
Damien stepped forward hesitantly.
"I looked back right before I boarded the gate. They had broken away from the retreat and were running towards the walls."
"..."
It was Damien's report, so it had to be accurate.
A headache began to pound, and I pressed my temples with my fingers.
Then, Torkel approached me, stuttering an apology.
"My apologies, your Highness. The situation was so urgent that, focusing only on the end of the column, we thought we were the last..."
I had entrusted the rear guard to the Leprosy Extermination Squad.
It was also their duty to confirm the retreat of all other allies. But they had failed to notice the departure of the Shadow Squad.
"...It's not your fault."
But how could I blame them when 30,000 goblins were overwhelming the fortress and rushing in? To look out for another party that had willfully broken away from the column was perhaps too harsh a task for the rear guard.
Yet, as cruel as it may be.
"The Shadow Squad must bear the responsibility for their own desertion."
I said this.
"Wait, Lord Ash! You don't mean to abandon the Shadow Squad like this?!"
It was Verdandi who asked this urgently.
As an elf herself, it wasn't strange for her to feel a strong camaraderie towards the three elves of the Shadow Squad.
"There is another emergency gate installed inside the forward base! We can send a rescue party through there!"
"..."
Verdandi was right.
There were three gates installed in the forward base. Two in the courtyard had just been destroyed.
As an emergency measure, to be used if necessary, the last one was hidden and installed somewhere else within the base.
We could deploy a rescue team through this gate.
Yes, it was possible to send one.
"...But what then? Should we form a rescue team now and send them into the heart of enemy territory?"
One had to think rationally.
The goblin army of 30,000 had seized the fortified base.
Should we send a rescue party to search for the Shadow Squad, not even knowing if they're alive or where they might be?
Chances are, the rescue team would be annihilated as well.
"The occupation by the enemy is not yet complete! This is our only chance to save them before the enemy fully secures the base!"
Verdandi pressed her point. But I shook my head.
"No, it would be wiser to wait until the enemy leaves the base and marches north towards Crossroad. Then we can send a search party. At least then, the safety of the search party can be guaranteed..."
"Then the Shadow Squad will all be dead!"
I closed my eyes tightly at Verdandi's cry.
The faces of the Shadow Squad, who had crossed the line of death with me, flashed through my mind. Oldgirl and Skull, who had died in my stead, also surfaced.
The Shadow Squad, under that name, had achieved numerous acts of valor.
Considering their dedication, it seemed right to organize a rescue team right away...
"My lord."
That was when Lucas, standing beside me, spoke coldly.
"That's not possible."
"..."
As I turned to him, Lucas shook his head firmly with a chillingly stern face.
"If you're considering a plan similar to what we did during Evangeline's time, I strongly oppose it. This situation is of a different magnitude."
"..."
"The opponent is the commander of the Nightmare Legion, and the enemy numbers 30,000. They are not dispersed; they are united. We can't hope for the same stroke of luck as last time."
"..."
"As the commander of the southern front, please judge this coldly, logically."
I clenched my teeth.
And then, I spoke to Verdandi.
Before the Goblin Legion, anyone who fell behind the procession might as well have been dead.
With the coldest voice I could muster...
"We're not children playing house here. We are at war."
"..."
"If one party falls behind, we cannot jeopardize everyone else. If we act on emotion now and our forces suffer further losses, then we'll fail to crush that Goblin Legion here, and the whole world will be trampled by monsters."
I reiterated as if to confirm.
"The Shadow Squad has been left behind deep within enemy territory. We cannot risk the lives of others for their rescue."
Verdandi's lips sealed tightly.
Torquel, feeling the weight of responsibility, hung his head low.
Then it happened.
Creak. Creak.
The sound of wheels rolling echoed.
Reluctantly, I looked in that direction.
There she was, sitting in a wheelchair, lips bitten, her face palethe magician with fiery red hair.
I reluctantly called out her name.
"...Lilly."
***
The forward base was teeming with green monsters.
Hidden in an empty room on the outskirts of the base, the Shadow Squad kept their breathing low and surveyed their surroundings. Goblins with murderous intent were everywhere, their eyes flickering with malice.
"They won't stay here long."
Godhand whispered to Burnout and Bodybag.
"They'll soon march towards the Crossroad. Then the base will be empty, and our chance to escape will come... We just have to stay hidden until then."
Burnout and Bodybag nodded, their faces slick with cold sweat.
That's when it happened.
Squeak. Squeak.
Heavy footsteps on the wooden floor grew closer.
Startled, Godhand peeked in that direction to see a large Goblin, clad in ornate armor and with distinctive patterns on his face, walking down the corridor.
Goblin Amir.
A high-ranking Goblin general, just below the Goblin King.
"Kriek. Is the search proceeding well?"
"Yes, Kriek! We're combing through the inside of the base!"
"The Goblin King has given direct orders. There might be rats around. Search thoroughly. Kriek."
Bang!
Crash!
Led by Amir, a troop of Goblins started to forcefully open the rooms along the corridor, continuing their search.
Godhand exchanged panicked looks with Burnout and Bodybag.
They needed to hidethere was nowhere to go.
Glancing out the window, the exterior was swarming with Goblins too. It was a dead end either way.
Squeak. Squeak.
The footsteps were now right outside. Godhand clenched his teeth.
Bang-!
The door was flung open roughly.
Goblins poured into the room. A few steps behind them, Goblin Amir entered and slowly scanned the room.
"Hmm..."
The room was empty.
Kriek?
Kri-kriek...
The Goblin soldiers searched the room. It was cluttered like a storeroom, but they found no special trace.
"...No issues here, Kriek. Let's move to the next area!"
Goblin Amir turned to leave. The rest of the Goblins scrambled out after him.
"..."
"..."
"..."
Watching the room now emptied, Godhand quietly swallowed a sigh of relief.
The three members of the Shadow Squad were floating just below the ceiling.
Bodybag's psychokinesis.
Desperately, they had used it to lift their bodies into the air, pressing tight against the ceiling to stay hidden.
Fortunately, the Goblins never thought to look up.
After a few more minutes, the three Elves carefully descended to the floor. They exchanged glances silently.
They had done it. They had evaded the Goblins' search...
"Hehe. Hehehe. I knew it would be like this."
Just then, a low, grating laughter, like something scraping across the floor, rang in the Elves' ears.
Startled, Godhand turned to see the Goblin Amir and his soldiers, who he thought had left, pouring out from the end of the corridor.
"Smelled it, Kirik."
The Goblin Amir snickered, tapping his hooked nose lightly with his fingertip.
"The scent of tender elf flesh...!"
"Kugh...!"
"Kirik! Kill the elves! If you earn your merits, the God-King will 'promote' you!"
Kirik! Kirikirik!
The goblin soldiers' eyes blazed red as they let out a wild cry and charged down the hallway.
Godhand quickly pieced together iron shields from the storage, and Bodybag piled up that barricade at the entrance to the room. Burnout took out his bow and crossbow.
It was time to fight.
Kiyaaaaa!
The leading goblin effortlessly leaped over the barricade and lunged at Godhand.
Godhand struck its jaw with his left prosthetic arm and pierced its belly with the spear in his right. The creature died instantly.
The next one that followed was flung away by Bodybags telekinetic magic, and the two behind were taken down by Burnout's arrows, spilling their blood as they fell.
During the brief battle, the goblins couldn't even get close to the Shadow Squad. For a moment, the three members of the Shadow Squad thought they could hold out easily like this.
But that thought quickly changed.
Thud!
"Kuk?!"
After dispatching over twenty goblins, a spear thrown from beyond the piled corpses pierced Godhands shoulder armor.
As he killed that goblin, the next ones rushed in swinging their swords wildly, and when they fell, goblin archers from the end of the corridor started firing arrows indiscriminately, not caring whether their own were hit.
Bodybag deflected the arrows with her telekinesis, but a few still pierced through, wounding the members of the Shadow Squad.
Clang!
Crash-!
Simultaneously, the windows on both sides of the room shattered, and more goblins began pouring in. Not only from the front but from three directions, goblins grasped their weapons and leaped into action.
Goblins are often depicted as the weakest of monsters and indeed they are.
About half the size of an adult human male with even less strength. They may be quick on their feet, but that's not saying much compared to humans.
They're similar to human children under ten years of age.
But this is in a one-on-one comparison.
They move in packs and are instinctively skilled at slaughter.
Even if they're like human children of about ten, if dozens swarm you...
Especially with knives and spears in their hands...
And if they're adept at charging to kill without regard for their own lives...
Even the stoutest of warriors would find it difficult to cope.
"Hah...! Hah...!"
When the Shadow Squad had slain nearly fifty goblins.
The small room was so covered in goblin corpses and blood that it was difficult to move, and the three elves had suffered minor injuries all over.
More than anything - they were discovered.
Stealthily hiding and making a secret escape had become a distant dream. There was no hope left. All that remained was a fight to the death...
The three elves sensed their impending demise.
"Keke, Kirik. Silly elves."
As the elves showed signs of fatigue, the Goblin Amir himself drew his blade and advanced.
"Ill personally cut off your ears and present them to the God-King."
His long tongue licked the blade. Godhand wondered if he could use that creature as an ally to inflict some damage on the goblin horde.
Ah.
Suddenly, he longed to see his lover.
He missed her red hair scattered on the pillow, the affectionate gaze she had given him...
He longed for the night sky they had watched together.
Unknowingly, Godhand murmured.
"Lilly..."
At that very moment
Boom!
The Goblin Amir and his entourage, licking their swords with their tongues, were suddenly engulfed by a brutal flame that tore through the corridor.
A terrible smell of burning flesh and intense heat swept through the room. The three members of the Shadow Squad hastily threw themselves to the ground to avoid it.
'Huh?'
After the storm of heat passed, Godhand bewilderedly lifted his head to survey the scene.
"Hey."
There she was.
"I told you."L𝒂aTest nov𝒆ls on (n)𝒐velbi/𝒏(.)co𝒎
Breathing heavily, her red hair fluttering, his lover stood before him.
The Senior Magician of the Monster FrontlineLilly flashed a sly grin.
"Whenever there's trouble, I'll come to save you."
 


